MOODLE CLOZE FORMAT OUTPUT:
==================================================
Question 1 - 3543e6e2

The following text is from Jane Austen’s 1811 novel Sense and Sensibility. Elinor lives with her younger sisters and her
mother, Mrs. Dashwood.
Elinor, this eldest daughter, whose advice was so effectual, possessed a strength of understanding, and coolness of
judgment, which qualified her, though only nineteen, to be the counsellor of her mother, and enabled her frequently to
counteract, to the advantage of them all, that eagerness of mind in Mrs. Dashwood which must generally have led to
imprudence. She had an excellent heart;—her disposition was affectionate, and her feelings were strong; but she knew
how to govern them: it was a knowledge which her mother had yet to learn; and which one of her sisters had resolved
never to be taught.
According to the text, what is true about Elinor?

{1:MCV:~Elinor often argues with her mother but fails to change her mind.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because it isn’t supported by the text: although the text says that Elinor advises her mother and often
counteracts her mother’s impulses, there’s no mention of Elinor arguing with her mother or failing to change her mother’s
mind.~Elinor can be overly sensitive with regard to family matters.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because it isn’t supported by the text: although the text mentions that Elinor has strong feelings,
it doesn’t indicate that she’s excessively sensitive when it comes to family issues.~Elinor thinks her mother is a bad role model.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because it isn’t
supported by the text: there’s no mention of what Elinor thinks about her mother and no suggestion that she thinks her
mother is a bad role model. Because she’s described as having “an excellent heart,” Elinor likely doesn’t think ill of her
mother.~=Elinor is remarkably mature for her age.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it provides a detail about Elinor that is established in the text. The text indicates that
although Elinor is “only nineteen,” she gives good advice and exhibits such a high level of understanding and judgment that
she serves as “the counsellor of her mother.” Thus, Elinor is mature beyond her years.}

Question 2 - cf956802

When fashion designer Lloyd Henri Kiva New opened his store in Scottsdale, Arizona, in 1945, he quickly became known for
creating delicately crafted leather goods, like belts and hats. He was perhaps most renowned for his colorful handbags,
which he made by hand using a long and painstaking process. As he gained more customers, New began using sewing
machines and other tools to help him produce bags more efficiently, though he continued to handcraft the crucial details that
made each bag unique.
Based on the text, what would have been the most likely consequence if New had not begun using sewing machines?

{1:MCV:~He would have been unable to ensure that each bag included unique, handcrafted details.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text indicates that New added unique, handcrafted details to his bags before he started
using sewing machines and continued to do so after he started using them.~=He would have struggled to meet the increasing demand for his bags.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it presents the most likely consequence if New had not begun using sewing machines.
The text states that New gained new customers and that sewing machines allowed him to make bags more efficiently, or in
less time than he could when sewing by hand. It’s reasonable to conclude that if New hadn’t reduced the time it took to make
each bag by starting to use sewing machines, it would have been hard for him to keep up with the increased demand.~He would have had to individually design each bag he produced.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text doesn’t
suggest that individually designing each bag would have been a consequence of not using sewing machines, since New was
already designing unique details for each bag before he started using sewing machines and continued to do so after he
started using them.~He would not have been able to generate as much interest in his bags.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text indicates that people were already interested in New’s bags
before he started using sewing machines. Rather than allowing New to generate more interest in his bags, sewing machines
helped New keep up with the interest that had already grown.}

Question 3 - 57485f5e

The following text is adapted from Johanna Spyri’s 1881 novel Heidi (translated by Elisabeth Stork in 1915). Eight-year-old
Heidi and her friend’s grandmother are looking at some illustrated books.
Heidi had come and was looking with wondering eyes at the splendid pictures in the large books, that Grandmama was
showing her. Suddenly she screamed aloud, for there on the picture she saw a peaceful flock grazing on a green
pasture. In the middle a shepherd was standing, leaning on his crook. The setting sun was shedding a golden light over
everything. With glowing eyes Heidi devoured the scene.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Heidi is upset until she sees a serene image of a pasture in one of Grandmama’s books.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that Heidi is upset before seeing the peaceful image of
the green pasture. Before Heidi sees that image, the text describes her as “looking with wondering eyes at the splendid
pictures” in the book, suggesting that Heidi is intrigued, not that she’s unhappy.~=Heidi is delighted and fascinated by an image she sees in one of Grandmama’s books.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most effectively states the main idea of the text, which is that Heidi is delighted and
fascinated by an image she sees in one of Grandmama’s books. In the text, Heidi screams upon first seeing the picture of the
green pasture. In another context, such a reaction might suggest fear, but here the reaction is followed by descriptions of an
image that’s peaceful rather than scary. The text goes on to describe Heidi’s eyes as “glowing” and states that she “devoured
the scene,” suggesting that the image delights and fascinates her so much that she wants to examine every detail. Together,
these descriptions suggest that Heidi is thrilled and intrigued by the image in the book.~Heidi is initially frightened by an image in one of Grandmama’s books but quickly comes to appreciate its beauty.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although Heidi
screams upon first seeing the image, the text’s description of the image and Heidi’s other reactions to it suggest that she is
screaming with delight, not fear. The text describes the images in the book as “splendid” and the particular image that
causes her to scream as peaceful rather than frightening. It also describes Heidi’s eyes as “glowing” and states that she
“devoured the scene,” suggesting that the image of the green pasture delights and fascinates her so much that she wants to
examine every detail.~Heidi is inspecting an image in one of Grandmama’s books because she has never seen a shepherd with his sheep#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because it’s unclear from the text whether Heidi has ever seen a shepherd with
his sheep before. The text merely suggests that she is delighted and fascinated by the image of the shepherd and his sheep.}

Question 4 - 8a8236e1

Scent is tightly interwoven with our daily lives, often evoking significant memories and important social events. This
connection is of growing interest to archaeologists who hope to use it to better understand ancient rituals, trade, social
hierarchies, and medicine. Although the speed at which odor molecules dissipate makes identifying ancient scents
challenging, advancements in biomolecular technologies show promise in unlocking ancient aromas from preserved
artifacts. Archaeological studies making use of these advancements may provide new insights into past societies.
According to the text, what is one reason some archaeologists are interested in recovering scents from ancient artifacts?

{1:MCV:~They are investigating whether people’s sense of smell has declined in recent centuries.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text doesn’t say anything about investigating if people’s sense of smell has declined in recent
centuries. It says that scents fade over time—not that people have gotten worse at smelling scents.~=They believe the scents could illuminate important aspects of ancient life.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. The text states that archaeologists are interested in using scents to better understand "ancient
rituals, trade, social hierarchies, and medicine," all of which are important aspects of ancient life.~They think that ancient scents would be enjoyable to people today.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect.
The text says that archaeologists are interested in using scents to better understand "ancient rituals, trade, social
hierarchies, and medicine," but it doesn’t say anything about ancient scents being enjoyable to people today. Choice D is
incorrect. The text doesn’t say anything about developing new medicines. Rather, it says that archaeologists are interested in
using scents to better understand "ancient rituals, trade, social hierarchies, and medicine."~They hope to develop new medicines using ancient scent molecules.#No explanation provided.}

Question 5 - c228bd45

The following text is adapted from Edith Nesbit’s 1906 novel The Railway Children.
Mother did not spend all her time in paying dull [visits] to dull ladies, and sitting dully at home waiting for dull ladies to pay
[visits] to her. She was almost always there, ready to play with the children, and read to them, and help them to do their
home-lessons. Besides this she used to write stories for them while they were at school, and read them aloud after tea,
and she always made up funny pieces of poetry for their birthdays and for other great occasions.
According to the text, what is true about Mother?

{1:MCV:~She wishes that more ladies would visit her.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text suggests that Mother prefers to spend her time with her children and doesn’t sit at
home hoping that ladies will visit her.~Birthdays are her favorite special occasion.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text says only that Mother makes up poetry for the
children’s birthdays, not that she likes birthdays more than other special occasions.~=She creates stories and poems for her children.#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it describes something that is true of Mother, as presented in the text. The text
indicates that in addition to other activities, Mother writes stories for her children while they are at school and makes up
“funny pieces of poetry” for certain occasions.~Reading to her children is her favorite activity.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text
doesn’t suggest that Mother prefers reading to her children over the other activities she does with them, such as playing with
them and writing stories and poems for them.}

Question 6 - 82d2436a

The following text is from Laila Lalami’s 2019 novel The Other Americans. The narrator is a member of her middle school’s
jazz band. 
One day the jazz band was invited to perform at the Summer Festival in Palm Springs. Walking across the stage to the
piano, I did what my teacher had advised. Pretend you’re only playing for one person. That way you won’t be so nervous.
I glanced at my father, who sat in the front row, leaning his head just so, waiting. Then I closed my eyes, and began to
play.
©2019 by Laila Lalami
According to the text, what does the narrator do as she walks across the stage?

{1:MCV:~She thinks about the differences between playing the piano alone and playing in a band.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text doesn’t indicate that the narrator is thinking about how playing the piano alone is
different from playing the piano in a band. Rather, the narrator thinks about her teacher’s advice to pretend that she is playing
the piano for only one person to help ease her nervousness about performing.~She feels excitement about playing in a music festival for the first time.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text
provides no indication that this is the first music festival that the narrator has performed in. Furthermore, the text indicates
that the narrator is nervous, not excited, to play the piano at the festival.~She remembers how hard she has practiced for the performance.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text doesn’t
suggest that the narrator is remembering how hard she practiced for the performance. Rather, she is thinking about what her
teacher told her to do to help ease her nerves about playing the piano in front of an audience.~=She follows her teacher’s advice about managing her nervousness.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it presents a statement about what the narrator is doing that is directly supported by
the text. According to the text, as the narrator walks across the stage to her piano, she recalls her teacher’s advice to pretend
that she is playing for only one person. The text indicates that this advice was intended to help manage any nerves related to
performing. Moreover, the text implies that the narrator follows this advice by deciding to focus on her father sitting in the
audience. Thus, the text supports the idea that as she walks across the stage, the narrator follows her teacher’s advice about
managing her nervousness.}

Question 7 - baef99a5

The following text is adapted from Oscar Wilde’s 1891 novel The Picture of Dorian Gray. Dorian Gray is taking his first look at
a portrait that Hallward has painted of him.
Dorian passed listlessly in front of his picture and turned towards it. When he saw it he drew back, and his cheeks flushed
for a moment with pleasure. A look of joy came into his eyes, as if he had recognized himself for the first time. He stood
there motionless and in wonder, dimly conscious that Hallward was speaking to him, but not catching the meaning of his
words. The sense of his own beauty came on him like a revelation. He had never felt it before.
According to the text, what is true about Dorian?

{1:MCV:~He wants to know Hallward’s opinion of the portrait.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because Dorian isn’t depicted as interested in Hallward’s opinion of the portrait but rather as so
enraptured by the painting that he’s hardly even aware of Hallward.~=He is delighted by what he sees in the portrait.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it presents a statement about Dorian that is directly supported by the text. The narrator
of the text says that when Dorian sees his portrait, “his cheeks flushed for a moment with pleasure” and “a look of joy came
into his eyes.” The narrator goes on to say that Dorian looked at the portrait “in wonder” and presents him as being so
entranced by the portrait that he doesn’t notice what Hallward is saying to him. All these details support the description of
Dorian as being delighted by what he sees in the portrait.~He prefers portraits to other types of paintings.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the portrait of Dorian is the
only painting that is mentioned in the text, so there’s no evidence that Dorian prefers portraits to other types of paintings.
Although Dorian is depicted as delighted with this particular portrait, there’s no way of knowing from the text whether he likes
portraits better than other kinds of paintings.~He is uncertain of Hallward’s talent as an artist.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Dorian is
uncertain about Hallward’s talent. Instead, the text is focused on Dorian’s delight with the portrait.}

Question 8 - 78b265b2

In 2014, Amelia Quon and her team at NASA set out to build a helicopter capable of flying on Mars. Because Mars’s
atmosphere is only one percent as dense as Earth’s, the air of Mars would not provide enough resistance to the rotating
blades of a standard helicopter for the aircraft to stay aloft. For five years, Quon’s team tested designs in a lab that mimicked
Mars’s atmospheric conditions. The craft the team ultimately designed can fly on Mars because its blades are longer and
rotate faster than those of a helicopter of the same size built for Earth.
According to the text, why would a helicopter built for Earth be unable to fly on Mars?

{1:MCV:~=Because Mars and Earth have different atmospheric conditions#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it presents an explanation about a helicopter that is directly supported by the text. The
text states that Mars’s atmosphere is much less dense than Earth’s, and as a result, the air on Mars doesn’t provide the
resistance required to support the blades of a helicopter built for Earth and to keep the helicopter aloft. In other words, a
helicopter built for Earth can’t fly on Mars because of the differences in the two planets’ atmospheres.~Because the blades of helicopters built for Earth are too large to work on Mars#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because instead of stating that the blades of helicopters built for Earth are too large to work on Mars,
the text indicates that the helicopter built to fly on Mars actually has even longer blades than a helicopter built for Earth.~Because the gravity of Mars is much weaker than the gravity of Earth#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text never addresses the role of gravity on Mars or on Earth; instead, it focuses on
atmospheric conditions.~Because helicopters built for Earth are too small to handle the conditions on Mars#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text doesn’t indicate that helicopters built for Earth are too small
to operate in the conditions on Mars. In fact, the text states that the size of the helicopter built to fly on Mars is the same
size as a helicopter built for Earth, even though it has longer blades that rotate faster.}

Question 9 - 487a05f8

The following text is adapted from Sylvia Acevedo’s 2018 memoir Path to the Stars: My Journey from Girl Scout to Rocket
Scientist. The narrator is traveling by car with her family to Mexico City. Mario and Laura are her brother and sister.
Mario and I played games to see how many different license plates we could spot, and Laura liked to look for children in
the back seats of the cars we passed. We were used to the forty-five-minute drive to El Paso and familiar with the sixhour ride to Chihuahua, but I wondered what the long journey to Mexico City would be like.
©2018 by Sylvia Acevedo
According to the text, what did the narrator and Mario do while riding in the car?

{1:MCV:~They read books.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text doesn’t mention the narrator and Mario reading during the car ride and instead
describes them playing games.~They sang songs.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text doesn’t mention the narrator and Mario singing songs
during the car ride and instead describes them playing games.~They went to sleep.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text doesn’t mention the
narrator and Mario sleeping during the car ride and instead describes them playing games.~=They played games.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most accurately describes what the narrator and Mario did while riding in the car. The
text describes a car trip that the narrator is taking with her family. The text states that during the car ride, the narrator and
Mario "played games" to see how many different license plates they could spot.}

Question 10 - 40630cef

The following text is from David Barclay Moore’s 2022 novel Holler of the Fireflies. The narrator has just arrived at summer
camp, which is far away from his home. 
This place was different than I thought it would be. I’d never been somewhere like this before. I did feel scared, but also
excited.
©2022 by David Barclay Moore
According to the text, how does the narrator feel about being at summer camp?

{1:MCV:~He feels overjoyed.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. In the text, the narrator describes himself as "excited." Although excitement is a positive emotion, it
isn’t as intensely positive as feeling overjoyed is. Moreover, the narrator also notes that he felt "scared." In other words, his
excitement (a positive emotion) is balanced with fear (a negative emotion). Given this mixture of positive and negative
emotions, it would be inaccurate to characterize the narrator as overjoyed.~He feels peaceful.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in the text, the
narrator describes himself as having felt both fear and excitement. Neither of these emotions can be thought of as peaceful
and, in fact, are almost the opposite of a sense of peace.~=He feels both scared and excited.#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most accurately states how the narrator feels about being at summer camp. In the
text, the narrator states that after arriving at the camp, he found it to be different than he’d expected and that as a result, he
felt "scared, but also excited."~He feels both angry and jealous.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in the text, the narrator describes
himself as both "scared" and "excited," not angry and jealous.}

Question 11 - 2592e0de

Bicycles were first mass-produced in the late nineteenth century throughout Europe and North America, allowing individuals
remarkable freedom to travel longer distances quickly and comfortably. This freedom, coupled with the affordability of the
vehicle, made the bicycle immensely popular. Individuals were able to live farther from their workplaces, easily visit
neighboring towns, and participate in new leisure and sport activities. Bicycling quickly became a popular social endeavor,
with enthusiasts forming local cycling clubs to enjoy these newfound activities with others. 
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~=The widespread adoption of the bicycle in the late nineteenth century provided new opportunities for people.#Correct. Choice A is the best answer. The text discusses how the mass production of bicycles in the late nineteenth century allowed
people to travel longer distances, live farther from their workplaces, visit neighboring towns, and participate in new activities
and social clubs. All of these are new opportunities that were provided by the widespread adoption of the bicycle.~The affordability of the bicycle in the late nineteenth century made it the preferred way to travel.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text never says this. It does say that the bicycle was “affordable,” and that the “freedom to travel
longer distances quickly and comfortably” made the bicycle “popular,” but it never says that the bicycle was more popular
than any other way of traveling (like cars or trains or horses).~The popularity of the bicycle in the late nineteenth century gave rise to the first cycling clubs.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. This is a detail mentioned in the text, but
not the main idea. Cycling clubs are only one of the new opportunities that arose from the popularity of the mass-produced
bicycle. A “main idea” should capture more of the information in the text.~The mass production of the bicycle in the late nineteenth century made it safer for people to use.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. The text never says this. It
doesn’t mention the safety of the mass-produced bicycle at all.}

Question 12 - 69d662af

The following text is adapted from Ann Petry’s 1946 novel The Street. Lutie lives in an apartment in Harlem, New York.
The glow from the sunset was making the street radiant. The street is nice in this light, [Lutie] thought. It was swarming
with children who were playing ball and darting back and forth across the sidewalk in complicated games of tag. Girls
were skipping double dutch rope, going tirelessly through the exact center of a pair of ropes, jumping first on one foot
and then the other.
©1946 by Ann Petry
Which choice best describes what is happening in the text?

{1:MCV:~=Lutie is observing the appearance of the street at a particular time of day and the events occurring on it.#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most accurately states what is happening in the text. The narrator notes that Lutie
thinks the street looks nice in the light of the sunset. The narrator goes on to describe what Lutie can see in the street:
children playing ball or tag and girls skipping rope. Thus, what is happening in the text is that Lutie is observing the
appearance of the street at a particular time of day and the events occurring on it.~Lutie is annoyed by the noise of children playing games on her street.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although Lutie is observing children playing games on her street, the text doesn’t suggest that she is
annoyed by the noise of the games. Instead, the text says that Lutie thinks the street looks nice in the light of the sunset.~Lutie is puzzled by the rules of certain children’s games.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although Lutie is observing children playing games on her street, the text doesn’t suggest that she is
puzzled by the rules of the games.~Lutie is spending time alone in her apartment because she doesn’t want to interact with her neighbors.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because there is no evidence in the text that Lutie doesn’t want to
interact with her neighbors or that she is in her apartment alone. All the text indicates about Lutie is that she is watching the
events on the street and thinks the street looks nice in the light of the sunset.}

Question 13 - 89961e26

Artist Justin Favela explained that he wanted to reclaim the importance of the piñata as a symbol in Latinx culture. To do so,
he created numerous sculptures from strips of tissue paper, which is similar to the material used to create piñatas. In 2017,
Favela created an impressive life-size piñata-like sculpture of the Gypsy Rose lowrider car, which was displayed at the
Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles, California. The Gypsy Rose lowrider was famously driven by Jesse Valadez,
an early president of the Los Angeles Imperials Car Club.
According to the text, which piece of Favela’s art was on display in the Petersen Automotive Museum in 2017?

{1:MCV:~A painting of Los Angeles#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. This isn’t what the text says. The Petersen Automotive Museum is located in Los Angeles, but Favela’s
artwork isn’t a painting, and it doesn’t depict L.A.~=A sculpture of a lowrider car#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. The text describes Favela’s approach to sculpture, and then describes the lowrider car that he
depicted in 2017.~A painting of a piñata#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. This isn’t what the text says. Favela makes sculptures
similar to piñatas, not paintings of them.~A sculpture of Jesse Valadez#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. This isn’t what the text says. Jesse Valadez owned the
lowrider car that Favela depicted in sculpture.}

Question 14 - 04bcb7a9

Xin Wang and colleagues have discovered the earliest known example of a flower bud in a 164-million-year-old plant fossil in
China. The researchers have named the new species Florigerminis jurassica. They believe that the discovery pushes the
emergence of flowering plants, or angiosperms, back to the Jurassic period, which occurred between 145 million and 201
million years ago.
According to the text, how old was the fossil that Wang and colleagues discovered?

{1:MCV:~150 million years old#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text states that Wang and colleagues discovered a 164-million-year-old flowering plant
fossil in China, not one that is 150 million years old. Although 150 million years ago would fall within the Jurassic period,
according to the text it isn’t the age of the discovered fossil.~145 million years old#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text states that Wang and
colleagues discovered a 164-million-year-old flowering plant fossil in China, not one that is 145 million years old. Although
145 million years ago would fall at the end of the Jurassic period, according to the text it isn’t the age of the discovered
fossil.~=164 million years old#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it gives the age for the fossil discovered by Wang and colleagues that is directly
supported by the text. According to the text, Xin Wang and colleagues discovered a 164-million-year-old plant fossil. This
plant fossil included a flower bud, which the researchers believe provides evidence that flowering plants emerged in the
Jurassic period, which falls between 145 million and 201 million years ago.~201 million years old#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text states that Wang and colleagues discovered a 164-million-year-old flowering
plant fossil in China, not one that is 201 million years old. Although 201 million years ago would fall at the beginning of the
Jurassic period, according to the text it isn’t the age of the discovered fossil.}

Question 15 - c889e52e

In 1935 Hallie Flanagan was chosen to lead the Federal Theatre Project (FTP). This project was part of the new Works
Progress Administration (WPA), a program created by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to provide jobs for unemployed people
during the Great Depression. As the director of the FTP, Flanagan created jobs for over 12,500 performers, designers, and
other theater professionals across the country. She also kept ticket prices low for the shows they staged, which meant that
many people could afford to experience theater for the first time.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Jobs provided by the FTP were intended mainly for performers, designers, and other theater professionals.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text does suggest that jobs provided by the FTP were intended mainly for theater professionals,
but this isn’t the text’s main idea. The focus of the text is Hallie Flanagan’s work as the director of the FTP, with the text’s
main point being that Flanagan succeeded in creating many jobs and introducing people to theater.~President Roosevelt created the WPA to provide jobs for unemployed people.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect.
The text does state that President Roosevelt created the WPA to provide jobs for unemployed people, but this is supporting
information, not the text’s main idea. The focus of the text is Hallie Flanagan’s work as the director of the FTP, which was
part of the WPA, and the text’s main point is that Flanagan succeeded in creating many jobs and introducing people to
theater.~During the Great Depression, many people couldn’t afford to buy theater tickets.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. It’s true that many people couldn’t afford to buy theater tickets during the Great Depression,
but this isn’t the text’s main idea. The focus of the text is Hallie Flanagan’s work as the director of the FTP, with the text’s
main point being that Flanagan succeeded in creating many jobs and introducing people to theater.~=As the director of the FTP, Flanagan succeeded in creating many jobs and introducing people to theater.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most accurately states the main idea of the text. The text begins by stating that
Flanagan was chosen in 1935 to lead the Federal Theatre Project (FTP), which was part of a program created by President
Franklin D. Roosevelt. The text then explains that as the director of the FTP, Flanagan created jobs for more than 12,500
theater professionals and ensured that ticket prices stayed low so that many people could afford to experience theater for
the first time. Thus, the main idea of the text is that as the FTP’s director, Flanagan succeeded in creating many jobs and
introducing people to theater.}

Question 16 - de0a5b4e

In 2022, researchers rediscovered ancient indigenous glyphs, or drawings, on the walls of a cave in Alabama. The cave’s
ceiling was only a few feet high, affording no position from which the glyphs, being as wide as ten feet, could be viewed or
photographed in their entirety. However, the researchers used a technique called photogrammetry to assemble numerous
photos of the walls into a 3D model. They then worked with representatives of tribes originally from the region, including the
Chickasaw Nation, to understand the significance of the animal and humanoid figures adorning the cave.
According to the text, what challenge did the researchers have to overcome to examine the glyphs?

{1:MCV:~The cave was so remote that the researchers couldn’t easily reach it.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text doesn’t say this. It never suggests that the cave was remote or difficult to access, just that the
cave itself was difficult to photograph well.~Some of the glyphs were so faint that they couldn’t be photographed.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text doesn’t say this. The glyphs were so wide that they
couldn’t be photographed completely.~The researchers were unable to create a 3D model of the cave.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text states the opposite of this. The researchers “used a
technique called photogrammetry to assemble numerous photos of the walls into a 3D model.”~=The cave’s dimensions prevented the researchers from fully viewing the glyphs.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer. The text describes the very low ceiling of the cave, making it impossible to photograph the very
wide glyphs all at once.}

Question 17 - 2287b040

In the 1960s, Chavela Vargas became an unlikely star in ranchera, a style of traditional Mexican music. Most ranchera
singers had clear, polished voices and performed with a full band. But Vargas accompanied her raspy voice with just her
guitar. Dressed in men’s trousers and a poncho, she would perform classic songs that had been written from a male point of
view and were usually sung by men. She also altered those songs by performing them much more slowly than other ranchera
singers did. The slower tempo allowed her to express the emotional quality of the lyrics more fully.
According to the text, what is one way that Vargas differed from other ranchera singers?

{1:MCV:~She possessed a voice that was clear and polished.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text states that Vargas possessed an unusually raspy voice for a ranchera singer, not a
clear and polished voice.~She avoided singing songs written from a male point of view.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text indicates that Vargas was known to perform songs written
from a male point of view, not that she avoided such songs.~She disliked performing classic songs.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that
Vargas disliked performing classic songs. Rather, it suggests that she found innovative ways of performing them to
emphasize their emotional content, which seems to suggest an affinity for such songs, not dislike.~=She altered classic songs by slowing them down.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it accurately describes an aspect of Chavela Vargas that the text indicates is unusual
among ranchera artists. According to the text, Vargas differed from other ranchera singers by slowing the tempo of classic
songs, which allowed her to express the emotional quality of the lyrics more fully.}

Question 18 - 6675c5c3

The following text is from Shyam Selvadurai’s 1994 novel Funny Boy. The seven-year-old narrator lives with his family in Sri
Lanka. Radha Aunty is the narrator’s aunt.
Radha Aunty, who was the youngest in my father’s family, had left for America four years ago when I was three, and I could
not remember what she looked like. I went into the corridor to look at the family photographs that were hung there. But all
the pictures were old ones, taken when Radha Aunty was a baby or young girl. Try as I might, I couldn’t get an idea of what
she looked like now. My imagination, however, was quick to fill in this void.
©1994 by Shyam Selvadurai.
According to the text, why does the narrator consult some family photographs?

{1:MCV:~He wants to use the photographs as inspiration for a story he is writing.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. There’s no mention of any story that the narrator is writing. Rather, we’re told that the narrator couldn’t
remember what his aunt looked like, so he went to look at the family photographs she was in.~He is curious about how his father dressed a long time ago.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text
doesn’t mention how the narrator’s father dressed. Rather, we’re told that the narrator couldn’t remember what his aunt
looked like, so he went to look at the family photographs she was in.~=He hopes the photographs will help him recall what his aunt looked like.#Correct. Choice C is the best answer. The text states that the narrator couldn’t remember what his Radha Aunty looked like, so he
went to look at the family photographs she was in.~He wants to remind his aunt of an event that is shown in an old photograph.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. The text doesn’t mention any
events shown in the photographs. Rather, we’re told that the narrator couldn’t remember what his aunt looked like, so he went
to look at the family photographs she was in.}

Question 19 - 2edd7ffe

Archaeologist Veronica Waweru visited the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy in Kenya. While exploring there, Waweru noticed
many rows of shallow pits carved into stone. Waweru believed the pits could have been used as game boards to play ancient
versions of mancala, a two-person strategy game that is still popular today. Some of the more recent pits were carved on top
of older pits. This led Waweru to think that the game was played at the site for a long time.
According to the text, why does Waweru think that mancala was played at the site for a long time?

{1:MCV:~=Some of the newer pits were carved on top of the older pits.#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it presents a statement about Veronica Waweru’s thinking that is supported by the text.
The text begins by discussing Waweru’s discovery of evidence that ancient versions of the board game mancala had been
played at a site in the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy. The evidence consisted of many rows of shallow pits carved into stone.
The text goes on to state that some newer pits were carved on top of older pits, suggesting that people may have continued
to play the game there over multiple generations, creating new pits over time. The text then explicitly states that the
presence of newer pits carved on top of older pits was precisely what caused Waweru to think that mancala had been played
at the site for a long time.~She noticed many rows of shallow pits carved into stone.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. While the text does state that Waweru "noticed many rows of shallow pits carved into stone," this
observation led her to believe that the pits could have been used as game boards for ancient versions of mancala but did not
specifically suggest to her that the game had been played at the site for a long time. The multiple rows of pits merely
suggest that these pits functioned as part of a game board; they don’t necessarily indicate how long the site had been used
for that purpose. Rather, it was the fact that there appeared to be newer pits carved on top of older pits that led Waweru to
think that mancala had been played at the site for a long time.~She discovered the pits at the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although the text states that Waweru
found the pits at the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy, this isn’t the reason the text gives for why she thought that mancala had
been played at the site for a long time. The location of the discovery only provides information about where the game was
played, not how long the game had been played there.~Some of the pits were shallow and others were quite deep.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text doesn’t mention any variation in
the depth of the pits. The text only describes the pits collectively as shallow and doesn’t indicate that the depth of the pits
factored into Waweru’s thinking about how long the site had been used for playing mancala.}

Question 20 - 0b696a0c

NASA’s Cassini probe has detected an unusual wobble in the rotation of Mimas, Saturn’s smallest moon. Using a computer
model to study Mimas’s gravitational interactions with Saturn and tidal forces, geophysicist Alyssa Rhoden and colleagues
have proposed that this wobble could be due to a liquid ocean moving beneath the moon’s icy surface. The researchers
believe other moons should be examined to see if they too might have oceans hidden beneath their surfaces.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Rhoden and colleagues were the first to confirm that several of Saturn’s moons contain hidden oceans.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. This choice goes too far beyond the information in the text. Rhoden’s team proposed that one moon of
Saturn could have a liquid ocean beneath its surface, and that other moons should also be examined, but no one has
confirmed anything.~Research has failed to identify signs that there is an ocean hidden beneath the surface of Mimas.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. This choice conflicts with the text. Research has  identified at least one sign—the
unusual wobble in Mimas’s rotation—that might be due to a hidden ocean beneath its surface.~Rhoden and colleagues created a new computer model that identifies moons with hidden oceans without needing to#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. This
choice doesn’t reflect the text. The computer model studies “gravitational interactions,” which seem to account for the
wobbly rotation of Mimas.~=Research has revealed that an oddity in the rotation of Mimas could be explained by an ocean hidden beneath its#Correct. Choice D is the best answer. The study isn’t definitive, but it says that Mimas’s wobbly rotation could be explained by the
hidden ocean.}

Question 21 - 3a1f02b0

The following text is adapted from Frances Hodgson Burnett’s 1911 novel The Secret Garden. Mary, a young girl, recently
found an overgrown hidden garden.
Mary was an odd, determined little person, and now she had something interesting to be determined about, she was very
much absorbed, indeed. She worked and dug and pulled up weeds steadily, only becoming more pleased with her work
every hour instead of tiring of it. It seemed to her like a fascinating sort of play.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Mary hides in the garden to avoid doing her chores.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text never makes any mention of Mary’s chores.~Mary is getting bored with pulling up so many weeds in the garden.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text
indicates that Mary finds pulling up weeds to be fascinating, not boring.~Mary is clearing out the garden to create a space to play.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because Mary thinks of garden
activities in and of themselves as play, not as something necessary to do to create a space to play.~=Mary feels very satisfied when she’s taking care of the garden.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most accurately states the main idea of the text. The text describes Mary’s activities
in an overgrown hidden garden, saying that she was “very much absorbed” and was “only becoming more pleased with her
work every hour” rather than getting tired of it. She also thinks of garden activities as a “fascinating sort of play.” Thus, the
main idea of the text is that Mary feels very satisfied when taking care of the garden.}

Question 22 - 23a7038f

Shimmering is a collective defense behavior that researchers have observed in giant honeybee colonies. When shimmering,
different groups of bees flip their bodies up and down in what looks like waves. This defense is initiated when hornets hover
near a colony, serving to deter the hornets from approaching the bees. Researchers hypothesize that this behavior is a
specialized defense response to hornets, as it is not observed when other, larger predators approach the colony. 
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Researchers are unsure how giant honeybees defend against predators larger than hornets.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text says that giant honeybees don’t appear to use shimmering against other, larger predators.
However, it never suggests that researchers don’t know which other defenses giant honeybees do use for those predators.~=Researchers think that shimmering in giant honeybees is a specific defense against hornets.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. The text describes a study about how giant honeybees use shimmering to defend against
hornets, but not other predators. The researchers conclude that shimmering could be a specialized defense response to
hornets.~Hornets are known to be the main predator of giant honeybees.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text says that hornets are one predator of giant honeybees, but it doesn’t say that hornets are the
main predator of giant honeybees. This choice also fails to mention “shimmering,” which is a major focus of the text. Choice
D is incorrect. The text only discusses the shimmering of giant honeybees—it doesn’t discuss other insects’ defense
responses at all.~Several different species of insects use shimmering to defend against hornets.#No explanation provided.}

Question 23 - 7921b86b

Oluwaseyi Moejoh cofounded U-recycle Initiative Africa when she was only a teenager. Moejoh and her team founded the
organization to teach young people how their actions affect the environment and why recycling is important. For example,
the organization put on an exhibit of art made using recycled materials. 
According to the text, what is one reason Moejoh and others founded U-recycle Initiative Africa?

{1:MCV:~To bring attention to overlooked African artists#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although art is mentioned in the text, there are no details about artists or whether they are being
overlooked.~=To teach young people why recycling is important#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it describes a reason that Moejoh and team founded U-recycle Initiative Africa. The text
mentions two reasons the initiative was founded: to teach young people about how they affect the environment and to teach
them “why recycling is important.” Thus, teaching the importance of recycling to young people accurately describes a
motivation that the text cites as a reason for the initiative’s founding.~To help adults gain important outdoor skills#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text is explicitly about young people and their relationship to the environment
and recycling. There is no mention of adults or outdoor skills.~To give teenagers advice about starting businesses#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. Although the text discusses young
people, which likely includes teenagers, there is no mention of starting businesses.}

Question 24 - bbfa2bb6

Hevea brasiliensis, a tree in the Amazon rainforest, is the world’s main source of natural rubber. The tree produces a milky
substance called latex that is used to make rubber. The bark of Hevea brasiliensis is helpful for the process of making rubber
because it has a unique structure that makes it easy to collect latex. A network of tubes in the tree’s inner bark helps the
latex to flow out easily when people make small cuts into the bark. 
What feature of Hevea brasiliensis does the text say is helpful for the process of making rubber?

{1:MCV:~Its latex produces rubber of an especially high quality.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text doesn’t mention the quality of the rubber produced from the latex of Hevea brasiliensis
or compare its quality to that of rubber produced from other sources.~=Its bark has a unique structure that makes it easy to collect latex.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most accurately states what feature of Hevea brasiliensis is helpful for the process of
making rubber. According to the text, this tree species produces latex, which is used to make rubber, and its inner bark
contains a "network of tubes" that, when cut, enables the latex to flow out. The text explicitly states that this feature of Hevea
brasiliensis is "helpful for the process of making rubber."~It is able to grow in a wide variety of climates around the world.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text never discusses
the climates in which Hevea brasiliensis grows. Moreover, the text mentions only one region where this tree is found: the
Amazon rainforest.~It is one of only two trees in the Amazon that produce latex.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. Because the text states that Hevea brasiliensis is the world’s "main source of
natural rubber," it can be inferred that there is at least one other source. However, the text doesn’t specify whether that other
source is also a tree species and, if so, whether that species grows in the Amazon rainforest.}

Question 25 - 706046f7

In the 1960s, Gloria Richardson led a movement to promote racial equality. Her involvement in this effort was inspired by her
daughter, Donna Richardson. In 1961, Donna joined protests organized by the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee in
Cambridge, Maryland. Following her daughter, Gloria joined these protests too. Gloria soon became the cochair of the
Cambridge Nonviolent Action Committee. She was also the leader of what became known as the Cambridge movement. 
According to the text, what did Gloria Richardson lead?

{1:MCV:~=The Cambridge movement#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it presents information about Gloria Richardson that is supported by the text. The text
provides a number of details about Gloria’s involvement in efforts to promote racial equality, including that she was the
leader of what became known as the Cambridge movement.~Her daughter Donna’s high school#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text never indicates that Gloria Richardson led her daughter Donna’s high school. The text
says only that Gloria was inspired by her daughter to become involved in efforts to promote racial equality. Choice C is
incorrect because the text doesn’t mention protests related to environmental protections. Rather, the text discusses Gloria
Richardson’s involvement in efforts to promote racial equality.~Protests to support environmental protections#No explanation provided.~A new business in Cambridge, Maryland#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text doesn’t indicate that
Gloria Richardson led a new business in Cambridge, Maryland. Rather, the text states that she led what became known as
the Cambridge movement.}

Question 26 - dc5edbf6

Microplastics are pieces of plastic that are smaller than a grain of rice. These small plastics can be found in large quantities
in ocean waters. Ecologist Jessica Reichert and her team are studying the role reef-building corals have in capturing
microplastics from ocean waters. Through research, her team has found that these corals may be storing up to 20 million
kilograms of microplastics each year in their skeletons and tissues.  
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Ecologists are interested in learning more about how certain corals build large reefs.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. While the researchers are studying “reef-building corals,” the focus of their study isn’t how the corals
build the reefs. Rather, they’re studying how corals may be storing microplastics from ocean waters.~Questions remain around the impact certain corals have on ocean ecosystems.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect.
The text doesn’t mention any unanswered questions about the impact of corals on ocean ecosystems—rather, the study
assesses one interaction between corals and microplastics.~Microplastics are small pieces of plastic that can be found in ocean waters.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text does say this, but it’s a detail—not
the main idea. The main idea of the text is about the study that found that corals may be storing microplastics from ocean
waters in their skeletons and tissues.~=Ecologists predict that corals store large amounts of microplastics from ocean waters.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer. The text describes a study about how reef-building corals capture microplastics from ocean
waters, which found that these corals are storing 20 million kilograms of microplastics in their skeletons and tissues.}

Question 27 - d8758c3b

Psychologists wanted to test how young children think about rewards and fairness. In an experiment, two teachers handed
out rewards while children (ages four to six) watched. The teachers gave out the same number of rewards, but one of them
counted the rewards out loud. The children were then asked who was fairer. 73% chose the teacher who counted. The
psychologists think that counting showed the children that the teacher wanted to be fair. The children may have believed that
the teacher who did not count did not care about fairness.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Psychologists think children cannot understand the concept of fairness until they are six years old.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The children in the study are described as being “four to six,” and the text doesn’t mention any
differences among the different ages.~An experiment found that counting out loud is the best way to teach mathematical concepts to children.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The experiment wasn’t about teaching math—rather, it was
about how counting out loud affected the children’s perception of fairness.~Psychologists think young children expect to be rewarded when the children show that they care about fairness.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The experiment doesn’t
focus on whether the children care about fairness, and the text never mentions the children’s expectations of being
rewarded.~=An experiment showed that the way rewards are given out may affect whether young children think the situation is fair.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer. The text describes a study assessing how children think of rewards and fairness and its results.
It concludes that the children in the study may have thought that a teacher who counted out loud when giving rewards cared
more about fairness than a teacher who did not count out loud.}

Question 28 - 0e3b4967

Scrapbooks of saved fabric pieces were commonly kept by women in the nineteenth-century United States, but few are as
meticulously detailed as Hannah Ditzler Alspaugh’s work. Alongside each piece of fabric, Alspaugh recorded intimate
memories, such as dressmaking with her sister. Additionally, she listed the prices and how she used the fabric. Historians
note that by representing fifty years of changing textures, patterns, and dress styles, the scrapbook is a record of nineteenthcentury textiles and dressmaking as well as Alspaugh’s life.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~Alspaugh inspired other women to save pieces of fabric in scrapbooks and provide historical records of nineteenthcentury fashions in the United States.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text says that it was common for American women to keep scrapbooks of fabric pieces in the
nineteenth century, and it says that Alspaugh was one of these women. However, it never says that other women were
inspired by Alspaugh.~Historians rely on fabric scrapbooks to understand how fashions changed throughout the nineteenth-century United#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. This is too general and too strong. The text says that Alspaugh’s scrapbook is a
historical record of nineteenth-century textiles and dressmaking, but it never says that historians rely on such scrapbooks in
general to understand how fashions changed throughout that time period. This choice also fails to even mention Alspaugh,
who is the real focus of the text.~Fabric scrapbooks were a popular hobby for many women in the nineteenth-century United States.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text does say this, but it’s a detail—not the main idea. The text is
mainly about one woman’s scrapbook (Alspaugh’s), and this choice doesn’t even mention her.~=Alspaugh’s scrapbook provides a detailed account of her life and historical record of fashion trends in the nineteenthcentury United States.#Correct. Choice D is correct. The text describes how Alspaugh’s scrapbook is both a record of her life and a historical record of
nineteenth-century textiles and dressmaking.}

Question 29 - ee41d7e0

Arthropods—brine shrimp, hawk moths, and many other invertebrate animals—have a nervous system made up of a brain,
nerve cord, and other nerves. Researchers have gained insights about this system in ancient arthropods from traces found in
various fossils. For example, in a study of two fossils of the extinct arthropod species Mollisonia symmetrica, Javier OrtegaHernández, James Weaver, and team observed clear signs of a nerve cord. They also saw possible indications of a
synganglion, a brain-like mass of nerves. Researchers hope to identify more features of the nervous systems of prehistoric
arthropods as additional fossils are found.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~There are several similarities between the brains of hawk moths and the brains of brine shrimp.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text doesn’t compare the brains of hawk moths and brine shrimp. These animals are
merely mentioned as examples of arthropods in the opening sentence, and the text doesn’t go on to discuss any similarities
between their brains.~=Fossil evidence can contribute to the understanding of the nervous system in ancient arthropods.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most accurately states the main idea of the text. The text states that researchers
have used fossils to learn about the nervous systems of ancient arthropods. It then provides a specific example of
researchers studying fossils of Mollisonia symmetrica and finding evidence of a nerve cord and possibly a synganglion (a
brain-like mass of nerves). The text concludes by noting that researchers hope to discover more features of prehistoric
arthropods’ nervous systems "as additional fossils are found." Thus, the main idea of the text is that fossil evidence can
contribute to the understanding of the nervous system in ancient arthropods.~Newly discovered fossils suggest that ancient hawk moths and ancient brine shrimp had spines.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text discusses nervous systems, not spines, in ancient arthropods,
and it doesn’t specifically mention findings about ancient hawk moths or brine shrimp.~Researchers need to focus on finding more fossils of ancient arthropods.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. While the text
concludes by noting that researchers aim to discover additional characteristics of prehistoric arthropods’ nervous systems
as more fossils are uncovered, this statement doesn’t suggest that researchers need to focus on finding more fossils.
Rather, it simply indicates that researchers expect to learn more about this topic as additional fossils are discovered.
Moreover, the statement is just a detail that supports the main idea; it’s not the main idea itself.}

Question 30 - 41d5c33e

The following text is from Beatrice Harraden’s 1894 novel Ships that Pass in the Night.
In an old second-hand bookshop in London, an old man sat reading Gibbon’s History of Rome. He did not put down his
book when the postman brought him a letter. He just glanced indifferently at the letter, and impatiently at the postman.
Zerviah Holme did not like to be interrupted when he was reading Gibbon; and as he was always reading Gibbon, an
interruption was always regarded by him as an insult.
Based on the text, how did Zerviah Holme most likely feel when the letter was delivered?

{1:MCV:~He felt relieved because he had been expecting an important letter.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text doesn’t suggest that Holme is relieved to receive the letter. Instead, the text states
that Holme "just glanced indifferently at the letter," suggesting that the letter wasn’t important to him.~He felt excited because the letter was from a good friend.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect
because the text doesn’t suggest that Holme is excited to receive the letter. Instead, the text states that Holme didn’t put
down his book to receive the letter and that he looked at the letter "indifferently" and at the postman "impatiently." This
suggests that Holme isn’t excited. Also, there is no mention that Holme knows who sent the letter.~He felt sad because the postman did not stop to talk with him before leaving.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect
because the text doesn’t indicate that Holme is sad or that he wants to speak with the postman. Instead, the text describes
Holme as looking "impatiently at the postman," which suggests that he wants the postman to leave.~=He felt annoyed because he was interrupted while reading his favorite author.#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it presents a description of how Zerviah Holme felt that is directly supported by the
text. The text states that Holme "did not like to be interrupted" while reading Gibbon and that he considered interruptions to
be "an insult." Furthermore, the text suggests that Gibbon is Holme’s favorite author because, as the text states, "he was
always reading Gibbon." Thus, Holme would have felt annoyed at having been interrupted when the letter was delivered.}

Question 31 - 748995b3

In the 1700s and 1800s, European composers experimented with volume in their musical works. They did so by increasing
the number of musicians playing in the orchestra. For example, in some of his operas, German composer Richard Wagner
added more horns, trombones, and tubas to the orchestra. With more instruments playing at the same time, the orchestra
could play extremely loudly at key moments in his operas. 
According to the text, how did Richard Wagner achieve moments of extremely high volume in his operas?

{1:MCV:~By moving the performances of his operas from outdoor stages to indoor ones#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text never indicates that Wagner moved his operas indoors to achieve moments of
extremely high volume, nor does it indicate that his operas were previously performed outdoors. The only technique
discussed in the text for achieving extremely high volume is Wagner’s addition of more instruments to create a bigger, louder
orchestra.~=By increasing the number of musicians playing horns, trombones, and tubas in the orchestra#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it presents a statement about how Richard Wagner achieved moments of extremely
high volume in his operas that is supported by the text. The text states that European composers experimented with volume
in their works by increasing the number of musicians in the orchestra and provides the example of Wagner, who "added more
horns, trombones, and tubas to the orchestra." The text explains that by having more of these instruments playing at the
same time, the overall volume of the orchestra could be dramatically increased at key moments in Wagner’s operas.~By building a concert hall whose shape would cause sounds to echo#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text never says that Wagner built or used a specially designed concert hall to
increase volume through echoes. The only technique discussed in the text is Wagner’s addition of more instruments to
create a bigger, louder orchestra.~By insisting that the singers undergo special training to sing for extended periods of time#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text never mentions any special training for singers
related to volume or singing for extended periods. The text’s focus is entirely on the orchestra and how Wagner and other
European composers used instruments to experiment with volume in their musical works.}

Question 32 - a842db60

To make her art more widely available, graphic artist Elizabeth Catlett turned to linocuts. In linocut printing, an artist carves
an image into a sheet of linoleum to create a stamp that is used to mass-produce prints. In the linocut series The Black
Woman (1946–1947), Catlett depicts the everyday experiences of Black women alongside the achievements of well-known
Black women. This pairing invites the viewer to draw connections among the women. The linocut process enabled Catlett’s
work to reach a wide audience and supported her aim to unite Black women through her art.
According to the text, what is significant about Catlett’s use of linocut printing?

{1:MCV:~Linocut printing involved using materials that were readily available to Catlett.#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text briefly describes the linocut printing process but doesn’t discuss the availability of the
materials used in the process.~=Linocut printing helped Catlett use art to connect people, especially Black women.#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. The last sentence states that the linocut process “supported her [Catlett’s] aim to unite Black
women through her art.”~Catlett became commercially successful once she started using linocut printing.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text says that the linocut process “enabled Catlett’s work to reach a
wide audience,” but that doesn’t mean that linocuts made her “commercially successful.” In other words, we don’t know how
much money she made off her linocuts—we only know that more people were able to see her work.~Catlett was one of the first Black artists to use linocut printing.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect.
The text says that Catlett depicted Black women in her linocuts, but not that she was one of the first Black artists to use
linocut printing.}

Question 33 - 1e85caa9

The following text is from Edith Nesbit’s 1902 novel Five Children and It. Five young siblings have just moved with their
parents from London to a house in the countryside that they call the White House.
It was not really a pretty house at all; it was quite ordinary, and mother thought it was rather inconvenient, and was quite
annoyed at there being no shelves, to speak of, and hardly a cupboard in the place. Father used to say that the ironwork
on the roof and coping was like an architect’s nightmare. But the house was deep in the country, with no other house in
sight, and the children had been in London for two years, without so much as once going to the seaside even for a day
by an excursion train, and so the White House seemed to them a sort of Fairy Palace set down in an Earthly Paradise.
Which choice best states the main idea of the text?

{1:MCV:~=Although their parents believe the house has several drawbacks, the children are enchanted by it.#Correct. Choice A is the best answer. The text lists complaints about the house made by the mother and father, but then it says that
the children thought the house was a "Fairy Palace" and "Earthly Paradise."~The children don’t like the house nearly as much as their parents do.#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text states the opposite of this. It describes how the mother and father dislike the house and says
the children think the house seems like paradise.~Each member of the family admires a different characteristic of the house.#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. This isn’t what the text says. Only the children are
said to admire the house; mother and father both complain about the house.~The house is beautiful and well built, but the children miss their old home in London.#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. The text states the
opposite of this. It tells us the house was ugly and poorly built ("an architect’s nightmare") and suggests the children were
tired of London.}


==================================================
Copy the text above and paste it into your Moodle quiz
