MOODLE CLOZE FORMAT OUTPUT:
==================================================
Question 1 - 21d95d1d

Ofelia Zepeda’s contributions to the field of linguistics are ______: her many accomplishments include working as a
linguistics professor and bilingual poet, authoring the first Tohono O’odham grammar book, and co-founding the American
Indian Language Development Institute.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~pragmatic#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the sentence presents Zepeda’s accomplishments as examples to support the claim made in
the first part of the sentence. It wouldn’t make sense to say that achievements as a professor, poet and author, and cofounder of a language institute demonstrate that Zepeda’s contributions in her field are “pragmatic,” or related to practical
matters and not involving intellectual or artistic matters.~controversial#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the sentence presents Zepeda’s
accomplishments as a professor, poet and author, and co-founder of a language institute as examples to support the claim
made in the first part of the sentence. There’s no reason to believe that the positive achievements listed demonstrate that
Zepeda’s contributions in her field are “controversial,” or have caused disputes and opposing viewpoints. Choice D is
incorrect because in this context, “universal” would mean including or covering everything in a group. The sentence presents
Zepeda’s accomplishments as examples to support the claim made in the first part of the sentence, and it wouldn’t make
sense to say that these specific achievements—particularly as the author of a grammar book specific to the Tohono
O’odham language—demonstrate that Zepeda’s contributions relate to everything in the field of linguistics.~=extensive#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of how Ofelia Zepeda has contributed
to the field of linguistics. As used in this context, “extensive” means having a wide or considerable extent. The text indicates
that Zepeda’s many accomplishments in linguistics are varied, including teaching linguistics, writing poetry in more than one
language, creating a grammar book, and co-founding a language institute. This context supports the idea that Zepeda’s
contributions to the field are extensive.~universal#No explanation provided.}

Question 2 - b622fb78

The following text is from the 1913 story “The King’s Coin” by Emily Pauline Johnson, a Kanienkahagen (Mohawk) writer also
known as Tekahionwake. Fox-Foot, a young Ojibwe man, is guiding a group of fur traders who are traveling by canoe and
suspects that they are being followed. 
At supper time, Fox-Foot would allow no fire to be built, no landing to be made, no trace of their passing to be left. They
ate canned meat and marmalade, drank again of the stream and pushed on, until just at dusk they reached the edge of
a long, still lake, with shores of granite and dense fir forest.
As used in the text, what does the word “trace” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Evidence#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because the text indicates that Fox-Foot doesn’t let the group build a fire or create a canoe
landing when it’s time for supper. This context suggests that he doesn’t want anyone who might be following the group to
see any sign of them or their activities. In other words, Fox-Foot doesn’t want there to be any trace, or evidence, of the
group’s movements ("their passing") through the area.~Blemish#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text conveys that Fox-Foot doesn’t want the group to be detected, not that he doesn’t want
their presence to create a blemish, or a spoiling flaw, in the area; human activity could disturb a natural environment, but the
context emphasizes that Fox-Foot is instead focused on avoiding giving any sign of the group’s movements through a place
("their passing") to anyone who might be following them.~Amount#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text focuses on Fox-Foot’s desire
to avoid detection by those who might be following the group. This context conveys that Fox-Foot doesn’t want to create any
signs or evidence of the group moving through a place ("their passing"), not that he doesn’t want to leave behind some
quantity of their presence; indeed, it isn’t clear what an amount of a group’s movement would be.~Sketch#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect
because nothing in the text suggests that the group has a sketch, or rough drawing, of their movements through that area
("their passing") that might be left behind. Rather, the context emphasizes that Fox-Foot is focused on ensuring that the
group doesn’t give any kind of indication of their presence, as he wants to avoid detection by anyone who might be following
the group.}

Question 3 - a318c1ef

The Cambrian explosion gets its name from the sudden appearance and rapid diversification of animal remains in the fossil
record about 541 million years ago, during the Cambrian period. Some scientists argue that this ______ change in the fossil
record might be because of a shift in many organisms to body types that were more likely to be preserved.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~catastrophic#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although the word “explosion” appears in the name of the event marked by the fossil record change,
the text never suggests that the change was “catastrophic,” or disastrous. In context, “explosion” refers to the rapid
diversification, or the swift increase in variety, of animal remains in the fossil record—a phenomenon that the text presents in
a relatively neutral manner, without commenting on whether it was negative or positive.~elusive#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the
text never suggests that the change toward greater diversification is “elusive,” or difficult to locate, in the fossil record.
Rather, the text notes that the change occurred about 541 million years ago, suggesting that scientists have indeed been
able to locate it.~=abrupt#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically and precisely completes the text’s discussion of the fossil record from
the Cambrian period. In this context, “abrupt” means sudden. The text explains that the fossil record reflects the unexpected
appearance and rapid diversification, or increase in variety, of animal remains during the Cambrian period. This context
establishes that these remains’ entry into the fossil record was sudden.~imminent#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense in context to describe the change in the fossil record
as “imminent,” or about to occur, since the text indicates that the change already occurred millions of years ago.}

Question 4 - d5235d39

The Mule Bone, a 1930 play written by Zora Neale Hurston and Langston Hughes, is perhaps the best-known of the few
examples of ______ in literature. Most writers prefer working alone, and given that working together cost Hurston and Hughes
their friendship, it is not hard to see why.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~characterization#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context, “characterization” would mean a literary work’s portrayal of characters’
psychological experiences and motivations, but the text doesn’t discuss characterization in The Mule Bone specifically or in
collaborative works more generally.~interpretation#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this context, “interpretation” would mean the
explanation of a literary work’s meaning or significance, but the text doesn’t discuss how readers or critics have interpreted
The Mule Bone; instead, the text discusses how the play was written collaboratively and how the writing process affected the
two authors.~=collaboration#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it logically and precisely completes the text’s discussion of The Mule Bone, a play that
Zora Neale Hurston and Langston Hughes wrote together. In this context, “collaboration” means working together with
someone to write a literary work. The text indicates that most writers prefer to work alone and that working together
destroyed the friendship between Hurston and Hughes. This establishes that The Mule Bone is a relatively rare example of
collaboration in literature.~commercialization#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this context, “commercialization” would mean writing a literary work in such a
way as to ensure its commercial appeal, but the text never discusses commercial appeal as a factor in the writing of The
Mule Bone specifically or the writing of collaborative works more generally.}

Question 5 - 9b2fbb2e

Logically, a damaged fossil should provide less information than an intact one, but for paleontologist Brigitte Schoenemann,
a broken area on a fossilized trilobite (a crustacean-like creature) ______ fresh insight, allowing her to view the inner structure
of the organism’s eye.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~resolved#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because “resolved” means determined or figured out, which wouldn’t make sense in this context. The
text focuses on how Schoenemann was able to get more information from a broken fossil than an intact one. Although the
damaged fossil may have allowed her to determine certain information, as an inanimate object the fossil isn’t capable of
resolving anything.~adjusted#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because saying that the broken part of a trilobite fossil “adjusted,” or changed or
modified, fresh insight wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text focuses on how Schoenemann was able to get more
information from a broken fossil than an intact one. This context suggests that the fossil offered fresh insight, or
understanding, not that it adjusted fresh insight.~=offered#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion about how, for Schoenemann, a
damaged trilobite fossil was informative. In context, “offered” means provided or gave. The text suggests that although it
may seem counterintuitive, a broken fossilized trilobite allowed Schoenemann to observe more details of the trilobite’s eye
than an intact fossilized trilobite would. This context conveys the idea that a damaged fossil offered, or provided, fresh
insight into the structure of a trilobite’s eye.~directed#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because “directed” means managed or instructed,
which wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text focuses on how Schoenemann was able to get more information from a
broken fossil than an intact one. This context suggests that the fossil offered fresh insight, or understanding, not that it
directed fresh insight.}

Question 6 - d74788e1

British painter Peter Edwards has a ______ painting portraits of notable figures from a variety of different fields. These
characteristic works include his esteemed portraits of poet Wendy Cope and soccer player and coach Ryan Griggs.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~complaint about#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text presents Edwards’s portrait painting in a positive manner, describing his works as
"esteemed." In this context, "complaint about" would mean dissatisfaction or grievance regarding the activity of painting
portraits, which contradicts the positive characterization of Edwards’s work. Nothing in the text suggests that Edwards has
expressed any dissatisfaction with or objection to painting portraits of notable figures.~=reputation for#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Peter Edwards as a portrait painter.
In this context, having a "reputation for" something means that one is widely recognized for being associated with a
particular activity. The text indicates that Edwards has created "characteristic works" including "esteemed portraits" of
notable figures, suggesting he is known and respected for this type of painting. This choice clearly indicates that Edwards
has established recognition or fame specifically in connection with painting portraits of well-known individuals.~question about#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text
gives no indication that Edwards has a "question about" painting portraits, which in this context would mean uncertainty or
doubt regarding this activity. Instead, the text presents Edwards as someone who has already created multiple portrait works
described as "characteristic" and "esteemed," suggesting established practice rather than uncertainty. The mention of
specific examples of his portrait work further demonstrates that he is not questioning his portrait painting. Choice D is
incorrect because the text does not suggest that Edwards has a "requirement for" painting portraits, which in this context
would mean a mandatory obligation or necessary condition. Instead, the text indicates that portrait painting is something
Edwards is known for doing well, not something he is obligated to do. The text describes his portrait work as "characteristic,"
suggesting it’s a defining feature of his artistic practice rather than an externally imposed requirement.~requirement for#No explanation provided.}

Question 7 - 53542eb5

Shoppers can help keep money cycling within a community by making purchases at small local businesses instead of large
retailers. Some cities are ______ programs to encourage this behavior, establishing reward points and other incentives for
shopping at small businesses.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=instituting#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of programs that encourage money to
cycle within a community. In this context, "instituting" means initiating. The text indicates that making purchases at small
local businesses can help keep money cycling within a community. The text goes on to state that some cities are
establishing incentives to promote small business shopping. This context supports the idea that some cities are instituting
programs to encourage this consumer behavior.~occupying#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because saying that some cities are "occupying," or forcibly holding possession or control of, programs
that encourage shoppers to make purchases at small local businesses wouldn’t make sense in context. The text doesn’t
discuss who controls these programs but instead indicates that some cities are establishing incentives that encourage
shoppers to make purchases at small local businesses. Furthermore, it wouldn’t make sense to say that a city is occupying a
program.~underestimating#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that cities are "underestimating," or failing to understand
the value of, programs that encourage consumers to shop at small local businesses. The text indicates that some cities are
establishing incentives to encourage small business shopping, which suggests that these cities understand the value of
such programs.~encountering#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because saying that some cities are "encountering," or coming into contact with,
programs that encourage consumers to shop at small local businesses wouldn’t make sense in context. The text indicates
that some cities are already establishing incentives to encourage shoppers to make purchases at small businesses. This
context suggests that the cities are instituting the programs, not that they are encountering them.}

Question 8 - 82b7c3b2

The following text is from Booth Tarkington’s 1921 novel Alice Adams.
Mrs. Adams had always been fond of vases, she said, and every year her husband’s Christmas present to her was a
vase of one sort or another—whatever the clerk showed him, marked at about twelve or fourteen dollars.
As used in the text, what does the word “marked” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Staged#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. This isn’t the meaning of "marked" as used here. It wouldn’t make sense to say that a vase was "staged
at twelve or fourteen dollars."~=Priced#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. The text suggests that Mrs. Adam’s typical Christmas present from her husband was a vase
that cost, or was "priced at," about twelve or fourteen dollars.~Stained#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. This isn’t the meaning of "marked" as used here. It wouldn’t make sense
to say that a vase was "stained at twelve or fourteen dollars."~Watched#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. This isn’t the meaning of "marked" as
used here. It wouldn’t make sense to say that a vase was "watched at twelve or fourteen dollars."}

Question 9 - e1e89221

The following text is from Frances Hodgson Burnett’s 1911 novel The Secret Garden. Mary, a young girl, is outside trying her
new jump rope.
The sun was shining and a little wind was blowing—not a rough wind, but one which came in delightful little gusts and
brought a fresh scent of newly turned earth with it. She skipped round the fountain garden, and up one walk and down
another.
As used in the text, what does the word “rough” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Harsh#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, "rough" most nearly means harsh, or forceful and unpleasant. The
text describes Mary’s surroundings as she plays: the sun is out and there’s "a little wind." To further illustrate the wind, the
narrator contrasts the word "rough" with a description of the wind blowing in "delightful little gusts," suggesting that the wind
is not unpleasant or harsh at all.~Scratchy#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although in some contexts "rough" objects, or objects with irregular surfaces, can sometimes be
scratchy, rough doesn’t mean scratchy in this context. The text explains that the wind is not rough but rather gentle,
"delightful little gusts," which suggests that the use of "rough" here is referring to the degree of force of the wind. Choice C is
incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that the wind wasn’t "basic," or simple and uncomplicated. Instead,
the text describes the wind as blowing not roughly or harshly but in "delightful little gusts."~Basic#No explanation provided.~Vague#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the
word "vague" means not clearly expressed or seen. Nothing in the text indicates that the wind was barely noticeable to Mary
as she played outside, but rather the text states that it was delightful.}

Question 10 - b11bb2a3

The following text is adapted from Amy Lowell’s 1912 poem “Summer.”
It is summer, glorious, deep-toned summer,
The very crown of nature’s changing year
When all her surging life is at its full.
To me alone it is a time of pause,
A void and silent space between two worlds,
When inspiration lags, and feeling sleeps,
Gathering strength for efforts yet to come.
As used in the text, what does the phrase “a void” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~A useless#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although the text does present summer as a time of inactivity, it doesn’t characterize that inactivity as
useless, or as having no purpose; in fact, the speaker regards summer as a time when "feeling" gathers "strength for efforts
yet to come."~=An empty#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because as used in the text, a span of time is described as "a void" space, which most nearly
means an empty or vacant one. In the text, the speaker describes summertime in counterintuitive terms: although nature’s
"surging life is at its full" during the season, the speaker feels summer to be "a time of pause, / A void and silent space
between two worlds." The speaker says further that during summer, "feeling sleeps / Gathering strength" for future efforts.
Thus, the speaker regards summer as an empty stretch of time, to be followed by a period of greater activity.~A forgotten#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although the text characterizes summer as a time "when inspiration lags, and feeling
sleeps," it doesn’t discuss the season’s relationship to the speaker’s memory or suggest that summer can easily be
forgotten.~An incomplete#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. In some contexts, "void" can mean devoid of, or lacking, a particular element, and such a
lack could be conceived of as incompleteness. However, the text doesn’t portray summer as not being complete or whole;
instead, it characterizes vacancy or inactivity as being an essential quality of the season, as experienced by the speaker.}

Question 11 - 051d3065

Kelp forests grow underwater along the eastern Pacific Coast. These underwater forests are important to fish and other
marine animals. Ocean currents can be powerful and rough, making it difficult for animals to find safe places to hide from
predators. The underwater forests slow down the currents. This creates a more ______ environment with calmer waters
where animals can take shelter.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=tranquil#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of how kelp forests help marine
animals. In this context, "tranquil" means free from disturbance, or calm. The text indicates that ocean currents are powerful
and make it difficult for marine animals to hide from predators and that kelp forests slow currents down to create calmer
areas. In other words, kelp forests create a more tranquil environment.~dangerous#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text indicates that kelp forests provide shelter for marine animals, meaning they create
environments that are safer, not more "dangerous."~imaginative#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text discusses how kelp forests affect
currents in the ocean, and it isn’t clear how an ocean environment could be "imaginative," or full of imagination. Choice D is
incorrect because the text indicates that kelp forests create a calm and safe environment, and an environment that is
"surprising" would be characterized by unexpected occurrences, not calmness.~surprising#No explanation provided.}

Question 12 - 359b891c

Painter Alma W. Thomas was fascinated by the colors and shapes found in nature. The flowers and trees in the garden at her
home in Washington, DC, ______ her work. For example, Thomas’s use of broken brushstrokes was inspired by the way that
light would shine through the leaves of a tree in front of her house. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~restricted#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text conveys that Thomas drew inspiration for her work from the plants in her garden,
which suggests that the flowers and trees contributed positively to her work, not that they "restricted," or limited, her work.~announced#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to suggest that flowers and trees in a garden could have "announced,"
or made known, a painter’s work.~distracted#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text conveys that Thomas drew inspiration for her work
from the plants in her garden, which suggests that the flowers and trees contributed positively to her work, not that they were
a distraction. Further, it’s not clear how an artist’s work could itself be "distracted."~=influenced#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of painter Alma W. Thomas’s work. In
this context, "influenced" means to have had an effect on something’s development. The text indicates that there is a
connection between Thomas’s work and the flowers and trees in her home’s garden, giving the example of Thomas’s
brushstrokes being inspired by light shining through the leaves of a tree in front of her house. This context conveys that
Thomas’s work was influenced by the flowers and trees in the garden.}

Question 13 - aad56f2b

As a young photographer in the 1950s, William Klein ______ the conventions of photography by creating images that were
high contrast and included blurred and distorted elements—features generally seen as flaws. So unorthodox was Klein’s
work that he had difficulty finding a publisher for his now-iconic 1956 photo book Life is Good & Good for You in New York.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~reviewed#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. "Reviewed" means "analyzed" or "evaluated," but that doesn’t really fit the context here. Klein isn’t
directly providing any thoughtful examination of the conventions of photography: he’s just breaking all the rules. Choice C is
incorrect. "Respected" can mean "admired" or "followed" (as in the case of conventions). It’s clear that Klein didn’t respect
conventions, given his use of photographic features that were generally considered "flaws."~=defied#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. "Defied" means "resisted" or "deliberately disobeyed," which matches the way Klein broke from
the conventions of photography in his time by including features that were generally seen as flaws.~respected#No explanation provided.~prevented#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. "Prevented"
means "stopped," and Klein did not stop the conventions—they still existed. Instead, he made images that were seen as
"flawed" under those conventions.}

Question 14 - e7b709fc

Archaeologists studying an ancient amphitheater in Switzerland believe that it dates back to the fourth century CE. Their
discoveries of a coin made between 337 and 341 CE and era-appropriate building materials ______ evidence for this theory.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~dismiss#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the archaeologists’ discoveries are presented as supplying evidence in favor of their theory
about the dating of the amphitheater, not something that would “dismiss,” or reject serious consideration of, evidence for
that theory.~=provide#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the archaeologists’ study of the
ancient amphitheater in Switzerland. In this context, “provide” means make available or supply. The text states that the
archaeologists believe that the amphitheater dates to the fourth century CE. The text goes on to say that the archaeologists
discovered a coin made between 337 and 341 CE (that is, made during the fourth century CE) and building materials
appropriate to the era in question. This context suggests that these discoveries provide evidence for the archaeologists’
theory about the dating of the amphitheater.~regulate#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that the archaeologists’ discoveries would “regulate,”
or govern or bring order to, evidence for the archaeologists’ theory about the dating of the amphitheater. The discoveries are
presented as supplying evidence for the archaeologists’ theory, not as changing how evidence for the theory is controlled or
ordered.~refuse#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the archaeologists’ discoveries are presented as supplying evidence in favor of their
theory about the dating of the amphitheater, not something that would “refuse,” or be unwilling to accept, evidence for the
archaeologists’ theory.}

Question 15 - dc0bca21

It would be a mistake to ______ the exhibit that artist and curator Joe Baker, who is a member of the Lenape (Delaware)
people, has organized at the Brooklyn Public Library. The exhibit, which includes Lenape beadwork from the 1850s as well as
modern works that use traditional patterns, is essential viewing.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~complicate#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. In this context, "complicate" would mean to add difficulty, and there’s no reason to think the text would
need to directly caution against complicating Baker’s exhibit; the text focuses on the idea that the exhibit is "essential
viewing," not on the idea of a potential difficulty that could be raised.~amplify#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. In this context, "amplify" means to
increase, and there’s no reason to believe the text would indicate that it would be a mistake to increase an exhibit the text
describes as "essential viewing."~=overlook#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of an exhibit at the Brooklyn Public
Library. In this context, "overlook" means to ignore or to miss. The text states that artist and curator Joe Baker organized an
exhibit that features Lenape beadwork in historical and modern works. The text describes the exhibit as "essential viewing,"
suggesting that it’s an important exhibit that people should make an effort to visit; this context conveys that it would be a
mistake to overlook the exhibit.~assemble#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to say that it would be a mistake to
"assemble," or put together, Baker’s exhibit: the text makes it clear that the exhibit has already been put together and, further,
praises the exhibit as "essential viewing."}

Question 16 - 2c82068f

The following text is from Mark Oshiro’s 2018 novel Anger Is a Gift. In the novel, Moss and his friends are on a subway train
in Northern California. 
Lights from the outside world then filled the train car as it rose out of the ground and climbed the elevated track. As
long as Moss had lived in West Oakland, he’d never tired of this specific view, so he pointed toward the windows.
“Check it,” he said, and the Port of Oakland began to pass by them. 
©2018 by Mark Oshiro
As used in the text, what does the word “specific” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Imaginary#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although the text itself is a work of fiction, the view is something Moss can point out to his
companions on the train, so the view itself is presumably not imaginary.~Energetic#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although this view of the Port
of Oakland is significant to Moss, nothing in the text describes the view as particularly energetic as opposed to calming, for
example.~Correct#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The point of the text is that the view of the Port of Oakland from the subway train as it rises
from underground is significant to Moss, not whether it is described as being correct, which the text does not address.~=Particular#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because as used in the text, "specific" most nearly means particular. The text is referring to the
particular view of the Port of Oakland as seen from a subway train as it rises from underground. This specific, or particular,
view has always been special to Moss, a lifetime resident of West Oakland.}

Question 17 - b93428a6

Animal researcher Amalia P.M. Bastos led a 2021 study about a wild kea parrot that used small stones as tools to preen its
feathers. Skeptical colleagues had initially suggested to Bastos that the kea’s interactions with the stones might simply be
______, but Bastos and her team showed that the kea was using the stones deliberately.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~intriguing#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the best answer choice is one that portrays skepticism, or doubt, of Bastos’s claim that the
kea’s usage of stones was deliberate, or intentional. If the skeptics found the kea’s usage of stones "intriguing," or
fascinating, this would not be at odds with the position of Bastos and her team; in fact, it is reasonable to believe that
someone who agreed that the kea’s stone usage was deliberate would also find it intriguing.~obvious#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because if
the skeptics believed that the kea’s usage of small stones was "obvious," or evident, this would not be contrary to the
observation of Bastos and her team that the kea’s usage of stones was deliberate: in fact, these opinions would be
consistent with each other.~=accidental#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Bastos’s study of a wild kea parrot.
In this context, "accidental" means unplanned or unintentional. The text first describes Bastos’s study, which concerns a kea
that is observed using small stones to preen its feathers. The text then mentions colleagues who are skeptical (that is, they
have doubt) about Bastos’s findings, and finally describes how Bastos and her team responded to the skepticism of those
colleagues. Given that the colleagues mentioned in the text expressed skepticism regarding Bastos’s findings, the best
answer choice must be one that completes the text in a manner such that the skeptics’ opinion regarding the kea’s use of
stones disagrees with that held by Bastos and her team. Since Bastos and her team showed that the kea’s use of stones was
deliberate (that is, intentional), the skeptics’ opinion in this context must be that the kea’s use of stones was unintentional, or
accidental.~observable#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because if the skeptics believed that the kea’s usage of small stones was
"observable," or visible, this would not conflict with the claim of Bastos and her team that the kea’s usage of stones was
deliberate: instead, these positions would agree.}

Question 18 - 213248f7

The following text is adapted from Lewis Carroll’s 1865 novel Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland.
“The second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that will be the best plan.” It sounded like an excellent
plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply arranged; the only difficulty was, that Alice had not the smallest idea how to
set about it.
As used in the text, what does the word “simply” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Faintly#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text describes how Alice’s plan can be arranged, and it wouldn’t make sense to say that it
can be arranged “faintly,” or with little strength or not strongly. Instead, the text indicates that the plan can be arranged with
little difficulty.~Hastily#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although in some contexts “simply” can mean quickly, hastily, or hurriedly, the word
“hastily” indicates that something is done too quickly. Although it may be true that Alice’s plan was made in haste, the text
doesn’t focus on this aspect of her plan. Instead, the text focuses on the plan’s seemingly good qualities, saying that Alice
thinks of it as “the best,” and the narrator refers to it as “excellent” and “neatly,” or efficiently, arranged.~=Easily#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because as used in the text, “simply” most nearly means easily, or involving minimal difficulty or
effort. The text first provides Alice’s reflections on her plan to gain access to a garden and then offers commentary on her
plan by the novel’s narrator. The text indicates that a reason Alice likes her plan despite not being fully thought through is
that she nonetheless believes it can be efficiently arranged. In other words, the text indicates that one of the supposed
benefits of Alice’s plan is that it can be easily arranged.~Foolishly#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect.
Although in some contexts “simply” can mean foolishly, or lacking good sense, it doesn’t have this meaning in this context.
Although the text says that Alice doesn’t know how to go about her plan, it begins by presenting her plan in a positive light:
Alice describes her plan as “the best,” and the narrator refers to the plan as “excellent” and “neatly,” or efficiently, arranged.}

Question 19 - 5fa165f7

In the 1960s, Sam Gilliam, a Black painter from the southern United States, became the first artist to drape painted canvases
into flowing shapes. He later explored a different style, ______ quilt-like paintings inspired by the patchwork quilting tradition
of Black communities in the South.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~predicting#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text indicates that Gilliam actually explored and pursued the creation of quilt-like paintings;
he wasn’t just “predicting,” or declaring in advance, the existence of these paintings.~refusing#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this
context “refusing” would mean rejecting, and there is nothing in the text to suggest that Gilliam rejected his quilt-like
paintings. Instead, the text indicates that he was exploring and pursuing a new art style in these paintings. Choice C is
incorrect because in this context “hiding” would mean concealing from view, and there is nothing in the text to suggest that
Gilliam attempted to conceal his quilt-like paintings. Instead, the text indicates that he was exploring and pursuing a new art
style in these paintings.~hiding#No explanation provided.~=creating#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Sam Gilliam’s artworks. As used in
this context, “creating” means producing or bringing something into existence. The text indicates that Gilliam is an artist who
made draped canvases and, later, quilt-like paintings. This context supports the idea that Gilliam explored different styles in
his art by creating special types of paintings.}

Question 20 - 441e2b9e

Researchers and conservationists stress that biodiversity loss due to invasive species is ______. For example, people can
take simple steps such as washing their footwear after travel to avoid introducing potentially invasive organisms into new
environments.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=preventable#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of how biodiversity loss due to
invasive species can be avoided. As used in this context, “preventable” means able to be stopped or kept from happening.
The text indicates that “people can take simple steps” to avoid bringing possible invasive species into new environments. It
presents these steps as an example of how biodiversity loss due to invasive species is preventable.~undeniable#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to say that a simple step like washing your shoes after traveling is an
example of biodiversity loss due to invasive species being “undeniable,” or something that can’t be proved to be wrong.
Although the text may suggest that biodiversity loss due to invasive species is something that really happens, the word that
completes the text must make the first sentence into an assertion that is illustrated by the second sentence, and the second
sentence illustrates the idea that biodiversity loss due to invasive species is preventable, not undeniable. Choice C is
incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to say that a simple step like washing your shoes after traveling is an example of
biodiversity loss due to invasive species being “common,” or something that happens regularly. Additionally, the text doesn’t
provide any information about how frequently invasive species cause biodiversity loss.~common#No explanation provided.~concerning#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because it
wouldn’t make sense to say that a simple step like washing your shoes after traveling is an example of biodiversity loss due
to invasive species being “concerning,” or something that is troubling or causes worry. Although the text implies that the
phenomenon of biodiversity loss due to invasive species is itself a concerning phenomenon, the word that completes the
text must make the first sentence into an assertion that is illustrated by the second sentence, and the second sentence
illustrates the idea that biodiversity loss due to invasive species is preventable, not concerning.}

Question 21 - b507f90f

Latro, the main character of Gene Wolfe’s novel Soldier of the Mist, is a man in ancient Greece. He completely loses his
memory whenever he sleeps. So, before sleeping, Latro records the important experiences of each day on a scroll, carefully
choosing which ones to ______.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~suspect#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because "suspect" would mean mistrust, which wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text
emphasizes that in writing down his experiences, Latro carefully chooses those which are most important to him and thus
worth remembering later, not that he is mistrustful or has reason to doubt the experiences he records.~=preserve#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text about Latro, the main character in Gene Wolfe’s
novel Soldier of the Mist. In this context, "preserve" means save or keep from destruction or loss. The text describes Latro as
a character who loses his memory whenever he sleeps. The text goes on to explain that before going to sleep, Latro records
his most important memories to prevent him from forgetting, or losing, them. The context therefore supports the idea that
Latro records his most important experiences in an effort to save, or preserve, his memory of them from loss.~suggest#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect
because in this context, "suggest" would mean propose for consideration. The text emphasizes the fact that Latro actually
records those experiences that he has decided are most important to him, not that he merely proposes which experiences to
consider for inclusion in his scroll.~imagine#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this context, "imagine" would either mean form a mental
image of or fabricate, neither of which would logically complete the text. Although it’s possible that reviewing records from
previous days might enable Latro to reconstruct mental images of what has happened to him in the past, the text
emphasizes the fact that Latro carefully selects and writes down his experiences so he will remember them in the future, not
so that he can form mental pictures of them as he writes them down. In a similar vein, the text emphasizes that Latro is
recording experiences that have actually happened to him, not that he’s fabricating the experiences he records.}

Question 22 - 5d48f889

The following text is adapted from Mercedes de Acosta’s 1921 poem “Spring and You.”
Now, Love and April, and the gold of your
    hair,
Are all mingled together
Like the blending of an exotic dream plant
With the fragrant perfume of a strange, frail
    flower.
As used in the text, what does the word “mingled” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Identified#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because "mingled" means combined, not identified. The speaker names several concepts (love, April,
and the gold color of someone’s hair) and then moves to a comparison of their mingling together to "the blending of" a plant
and the scent of a flower, conveying the idea that the speaker views the concepts as blended together, or combined. Choice
C is incorrect. The text as a whole may refer to a memory, but the comparison of the mingling of several concepts (love, April,
and the gold color of someone’s hair) to "the blending of" a plant and the scent of a flower conveys that the speaker views
those concepts as actually blended together, or combined, and not simply remembered at the same time. Choice D is
incorrect. The speaker refers to several concepts (love, April, and the gold color of someone’s hair) and then compares the
mingling together of those concepts to "the blending of" a plant and the scent of a flower; rather than suggesting that the
concepts are celebrated, this comparison conveys that the speaker views the concepts as blended together, or combined.~=Combined#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because as used in the text, "mingled" most nearly means combined. In the text, the speaker
refers to several concepts mingling together and then compares this to "the blending of" two other things (an exotic plant
and the fragrance of a strange flower). This comparison conveys that the speaker views the concepts of love, April, and the
gold of someone’s hair as being blended together, or combined.~Remembered#No explanation provided.~Celebrated#No explanation provided.}

Question 23 - 2390e956

Ronyoung Kim creatively captures the Korean American immigrant experience in her novel Clay Walls by writing about a
family from three ______ perspectives. The first section of the novel is from the mother Haesu’s perspective, the second is
from the father Chun’s perspective, and the last is from the daughter Faye’s perspective.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word?

{1:MCV:~=distinct#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Ronyoung Kim’s novel Clay Walls. In
this context, "distinct" means clearly separate and different. The text indicates that the novel consists of three sections and
that each section is narrated from the perspective of a different character. This context supports the idea that Kim’s novel
features three distinct perspectives.~required#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because describing the three perspectives in Kim’s novel as "required," or demanded as necessary to be
done or provided, wouldn’t make sense in context. When writing a novel, a novelist is free to choose to narrate the story from
any number of perspectives. There’s nothing in the text to indicate that providing three perspectives was demanded of Kim.
Instead, the text focuses on identifying the three different perspectives featured in Kim’s novel.~unintended#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because
describing the three perspectives in Kim’s novel as "unintended," or not planned as a purpose or goal, wouldn’t make sense in
context. Authors make deliberate choices about the perspectives they feature in their works, and the text indicates that Kim
chose to incorporate three different perspectives in her novel.~unknown#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because describing the three
perspectives in Kim’s novel as "unknown," or not revealed, wouldn’t make sense in context. The text directly identifies the
three perspectives that appear in her novel as those of Faye and her two parents, Haesu and Chun, which indicates that the
novel’s perspectives are in fact known.}


==================================================
Copy the text above and paste it into your Moodle quiz
