MOODLE CLOZE FORMAT OUTPUT:
==================================================
Question 1 - 84b5125b

Artist Marilyn Dingle’s intricate, coiled baskets are ______ sweetgrass and palmetto palm. Following a Gullah technique that
originated in West Africa, Dingle skillfully winds a thin palm frond around a bunch of sweetgrass with the help of a “sewing
bone” to create the basket’s signature look that no factory can reproduce.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~indicated by#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text describes how Dingle uses sweetgrass and palmetto palm to create her baskets, not
how her baskets are “indicated by,” or signified by, sweetgrass and palmetto palm.~=handmade from#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Marilyn Dingle’s baskets. In this
context, to say that Dingle’s baskets are “handmade from” particular plants means that Dingle creates baskets herself using
those plants but without using machines. The text says that Dingle “skillfully winds” parts of palmetto palm plants around
sweetgrass plants to make baskets with an appearance that “no factory can reproduce.” This context suggests that Dingle’s
baskets are handmade from sweetgrass and palmetto palm.~represented by#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although Dingle’s
baskets are described as being made using sweetgrass and palm, there’s nothing in the text to suggest that the baskets are
“represented by,” or exemplified or portrayed by, sweetgrass and palmetto palm. Instead, the focus of the text is on Dingle’s
use of sweetgrass and palmetto palm and the impossibility of replicating the appearance of her baskets using machines.~collected with#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that Dingle’s baskets are “collected with,” or brought
together in a group with, sweetgrass and palmetto palm. Instead, the text describes how Dingle uses those plants to make
her baskets.}

Question 2 - fa014d2d

The invention in 1958 of the integrated circuit (or microchip) radically altered the semiconductor industry. In fact, some
historians argue that it fundamentally ______ the industry by enabling it to take advantage of mass production methods for
the first time.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~overwhelmed#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although the text indicates that the invention of the integrated circuit significantly affected ("radically
altered") the semiconductor industry, it doesn’t indicate that the invention "overwhelmed" the industry, which in this context
would mean that it overcame the industry such that the industry struggled or was defeated. Instead, the text conveys that
the invention’s effect was positive, since it allowed the semiconductor industry to begin making use of mass production
methods.~bypassed#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense in context to say that the invention of the integrated circuit
"bypassed" the semiconductor industry, which would mean it intentionally avoided the industry. The text indicates that the
invention directly affected the semiconductor industry, since it made it possible for the industry to begin engaging in mass
production methods.~obstructed#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text doesn’t indicate that the invention of the integrated circuit
"obstructed" the semiconductor industry, which would mean that it blocked or hindered the industry in some way. Instead,
the text indicates that the invention’s effect was positive, since it made it possible for the semiconductor industry to begin
engaging in mass production methods.~=transformed#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the invention of the integrated
circuit. As used in this context, "transformed" means substantially changed in some way. The text states that the invention
radically altered the semiconductor industry, with some historians claiming that it had a fundamental effect on the industry
by allowing for mass production for the first time. This context conveys that the invention of the integrated circuit
transformed the semiconductor industry.}

Question 3 - 5fe53347

Botanist Al Kovaleski has pointed out that maple trees already thrive in a wide variety of climates and thus may ______
changes in climate better than some other tree species do. The alterations maples may undergo in response to a changing
climate are likely to be relatively small and easily achieved. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~relocate from#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although the text discusses how maple trees adjust to change, the trees do not "relocate from," or
physically move from one place to another.~refer to#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because "refer to" means to mention or allude to something,
and the trees are not doing either of these actions.~originate from#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text is discussing how maple trees may
respond to changes in climate, not where they "originate from," or came from originally.~=adapt to#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of how maple trees may respond to
changes in climate. As used in this context, "adapt to" means to adjust to new conditions. The text first notes that maple
trees already thrive in a wide variety of climates and then goes on to say that alterations maples may undergo are likely to be
relatively small and easily achieved. This context supports the idea that maple trees will more easily adjust or adapt to a
changing climate.}

Question 4 - 45a109a3

The following text is from Bram Stoker’s 1897 novel Dracula. The narrator is being driven in a carriage through a remote
region at night.
The baying of the wolves sounded nearer and nearer, as though they were closing round on us from every side. I grew
dreadfully afraid, and the horses shared my fear. The driver, however, was not in the least disturbed; he kept turning his
head to left and right, but I could not see anything through the darkness.
As used in the text, what does the word “disturbed” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Disorganized#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although in some contexts, “disturbed” can mean disorganized, the text doesn’t portray a character
acting in a disorganized manner; instead, the driver continues to drive the carriage, even though the horses pulling it are
alarmed.~=Alarmed#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because as used in the text, “disturbed” most nearly means alarmed. The text portrays the
narrator traveling in a carriage as wolves howl in the surrounding darkness. The text contrasts the reaction of both the
narrator and the horses pulling the carriage with that of the driver of the carriage: the narrator and horses are “dreadfully
afraid,” but the driver is “not in the least disturbed.” In other words, the driver is not alarmed by the wolves nearby.~Offended#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although in some contexts, “disturbed” can mean offended, the text doesn’t portray one
character feeling offended, or upset, by another’s actions; instead, it contrasts the fear felt by the narrator with another
character’s lack of fear.~Interrupted#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. Although in some contexts, “disturbed” can mean interrupted, the text doesn’t
portray an action being interrupted; indeed, the travel depicted in the scene continues despite the threat of the wolves
outside the carriage.}

Question 5 - d4a8f7cb

Dance choreographer Jawole Willa Jo Zollar aims to give people the opportunity to be ______ her creative process. For
example, live performances of her dance HairStories, which debuted in 2001, featured videos of people across the United
States talking about their hair and audience members sharing pictures of their interesting hairstyles.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~nervous about#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. “Nervous” means “worried or anxious about.” Nothing in the text suggests that people would be
nervous about Zollar’s creative process.~completed by#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. “Completed by” means “made whole by.” It doesn’t make
sense to say that Zollar’s shows would make her audience complete.~delayed by#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. “Delayed by” means “made late
by.” Nothing in the text suggests that people would be delayed by Zollar’s creative process.~=involved in#Correct. Choice D is the best answer. “Involved in” means “playing an active role in.” This fits the context clues describing how Zollar
includes the audience in her shows by incorporating their stories and pictures.}

Question 6 - 95f037ad

The works of Chicana artist Ester Hernandez are now ______ in museums both in the United States and abroad, but the
murals she contributed to as a member of Las Mujeres Muralistas early in her artistic career were displayed in outdoor
public spaces across San Francisco.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~invented#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context "invented" would mean created something for the first time, which isn’t
supported since the text doesn’t discuss where Hernandez creates her works or whether they’re original or innovative.~adjusted#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because "adjusted" in this context would mean adapted. Although the text mentions that many of
Hernandez’s early works were outdoor murals and thus it may be reasonable to infer that Hernandez altered her approach to
creating art so that her works could be displayed in indoor venues instead, the text makes no mention of how Hernandez’s
works might have been adapted for such venues. The text focuses on where Hernandez’s works have been and continue to
be displayed, not on how she or anyone else may have adapted, or adjusted, her works.~=featured#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Ester Hernandez’s art. In this
context, "featured" means shown prominently. The text focuses on where Hernandez’s works have been and continue to be
displayed, explaining that her early works, which consisted of murals, could be viewed in outdoor spaces in San Francisco.
The central contrast developed in the text is between where her early works could be viewed and where her works can be
viewed now, which is in museums across the United States and around the world. The context therefore supports the idea
that Hernandez’s works are now shown, or featured, in museums globally.~recommended#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because
"recommended" in this context would mean endorsed or put forth as a suggestion for something that is worth seeing.
Although it may be reasonable to say that in choosing to display certain works, museum curators believe such works are
worth seeing, the text doesn’t discuss the reasons why museums display Hernandez’s works. Instead, the text mainly
develops a contrast between where Hernandez’s early works could once be viewed and where her work can be viewed now.}

Question 7 - e386a11d

Cat and Plum Blossoms is an important work of Nihonga, or classical Japanese painting. Unlike Kuroda Seiki, who adopted
traditional European methods such as painting with oil on canvas, Hishida Shunsō ______ traditional Japanese approaches.
For instance, Hishida produced Cat and Plum Blossoms by applying color pigments to a silk scroll.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~distrusted#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context "distrusted" would mean that Hishida was skeptical of or lacked confidence in
traditional Japanese approaches to painting. The text begins by stating that Hishida’s painting Cat and Plum Blossoms is an
example of Nihonga, or traditional Japanese painting, and then cites Hishida’s application of color pigments to a silk scroll
as an instance of a traditional Japanese painting technique. It therefore wouldn’t make sense to say that Hishida’s use of
traditional Japanese painting techniques indicates his distrust, or skepticism, of them. Rather, it suggests that he embraced
those techniques.~=embraced#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Hishida Shunsō’s painting Cat and
Plum Blossoms. In this context, "embraced" means accepted or adopted readily. The text begins by identifying Cat and Plum
Blossoms as an example of Nihonga, or classical (that is, traditional) Japanese painting. The text continues by drawing a
contrast between Hishida’s work and Kuroda Seiki’s work, which differs from that of Hishida in its use of the traditional
European method of using oil paints on canvas rather than using traditional Japanese approaches. The text then concludes
with an example of one such traditional Japanese painting technique exemplified by Hishida’s Cat and Plum Blossoms—
applications of color pigments to a silk scroll—to further develop the contrast between the two artists’ approaches. This
context supports the idea that Hishida adopted, or embraced, traditional Japanese approaches.~released#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because saying that Hishida "released" traditional Japanese approaches to painting
in this context would mean that he freed them from any restrictions. In using Hishida’s application of color pigments to a silk
scroll in Cat and Plum Blossoms as an example of a traditional Japanese approach to painting found in Nihonga, the text
strongly implies that Hishida followed these approaches, not that he removed them from any restrictions. Choice D is
incorrect because in this context "overlooked" would mean ignored or failed to notice. The text establishes that Hishida’s
painting Cat and Plum Blossoms is a notable work of Nihonga, or classical Japanese painting, that features the traditional
technique of applying color pigments to a silk scroll. It wouldn’t make sense to say that Hishida’s use of a traditional
Japanese approach to painting indicates that Hishida failed to notice those approaches.
Assessment
SAT
Test
Reading and Writing
Domain
Craft and Structure
Skill
Words in Context
Difficulty~overlooked#No explanation provided.}

Question 8 - a1139ff8

In the 1990s, conservationists began planting more than 500,000 native trees in the habitat of the Azores bullfinch to boost
the bird’s numbers. This approach was apparently ______: the Azores bullfinch’s population size increased from as few as
100 birds at the end of the 1980s to around 1,300 in 2023. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~amusing#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text gives no indication that the conservationists’ approach of planting native trees to
increase Azores bullfinch’s numbers was "amusing," or comical or entertaining. Instead, the approach was seriously
undertaken and ultimately accomplished.~costly#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text doesn’t address how much it cost to
achieve the goal of planting native trees to increase Azores bullfinch’s numbers. The text indicates that the approach was
beneficial and successful rather than "costly," or expensive or harmful.~=successful#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the conservationists’ efforts to
increase Azores bullfinch’s numbers. In this context, "successful" means accomplishing a goal or purpose. According to the
text, conservationists planted more than 500,000 native trees in an Azores bullfinch habitat in order to boost the bird’s
population size. The text then indicates that the population size did indeed grow as a result of the planted trees. Thus, in this
context, the conservationists’ approach of planting native trees was successful because it achieved the goal of increasing
the bird’s population size.~disastrous#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. According to the text, the
conservationists’ approach of planting native trees to increase Azores bullfinch’s numbers was beneficial and successful
rather than "disastrous," or damaging or unsuccessful.}

Question 9 - 97ab5669

Former astronaut Ellen Ochoa says that although she doesn’t have a definite idea of when it might happen, she ______ that
humans will someday need to be able to live in other environments than those found on Earth. This conjecture informs her
interest in future research missions to the moon.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~demands#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because saying that Ochoa “demands,” or insists or requires, that humans will one day need to live in
other environments than Earth’s would not make sense in context. The text indicates that she’s unsure about the timing but
hypothesizes that it will someday happen.~=speculates#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Ochoa’s prediction that humans will
one day need to live in places other than Earth. As used in this context, “speculates” would mean puts forward an idea
without firm evidence. The text states that Ochoa “doesn’t have a definite idea” about when humans might need to live in
other environments and characterizes Ochoa’s prediction as a “conjecture,” or a conclusion presented without convincing
evidence. This context indicates that Ochoa speculates when she makes this prediction.~doubts#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because  saying that Ochoa “doubts,” or questions or
disbelieves, that humans will one day need to live in other environments than Earth’s would not make sense in context. The
text indicates that although Ochoa is unsure about the timing, she hypothesizes that humans will need to live in places other
than Earth and encourages research into future travel to the moon.~establishes#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because  saying that Ochoa
“establishes,” or proves, that humans will one day need to live in other environments than Earth’s would not make sense in
context. Rather than stating that Ochoa discusses her idea with certainty and supports it with evidence, the text indicates
that Ochoa is unsure about when humans might need to live in other environments.}

Question 10 - a0777403

The following text is from Anita Desai’s 2011 novella Translator Translated. While working on her translation of a novel
written in Odia (a language of India) into English, the narrator looks out her window at night to clear her mind.
I tried to distract myself with these sights of the ordinary world, but in my mind it was the lines I had been translating
and the lines that I had been writing that remained in the forefront. I longed for sleep to obliterate them but it eluded
me. Perhaps everything would be normal again once I had sent off the manuscript, I thought, and looked forward to
completing the work.
©2011 by Anita Desai
As used in the text, what does the word “completing” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Destroying#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context, "completing" doesn’t mean destroying, or ruining. The narrator addresses her
desire to send off the manuscript she’s focused on and her hope that things will be "normal again" once she does, conveying
that she is looking forward to finishing the work, not to ruining it.~=Finishing#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because as used in the text, "completing" most nearly means finishing. In the text, the narrator
conveys that the task of translating a novel has been an all-consuming one and that she hopes things will "be normal again"
once she has "sent off the manuscript." In other words, the narrator is looking forward to finishing her work on the
manuscript and returning to other things.~Advertising#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context, "completing"
doesn’t mean advertising, or publicly promoting. The narrator addresses her complete focus on the translation and her hope
that things will be "normal again" once she has "sent off the manuscript," conveying that she is looking forward to finishing
the task, not to promoting the resulting manuscript.~Rejecting#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this context, "completing" doesn’t mean
rejecting, or refusing or repelling. The narrator makes it clear that she is absorbed in working on the translation and plans to
send off the manuscript, suggesting that instead of refusing to do the work, she is continuing to do it (even if she looks
forward to things being "normal again" when she’s done).}

Question 11 - 06b96bfc

A musician and member of the Quechua of Peru, Renata Flores Rivera was eager to promote the Quechua language in her
music, but she was ______ speaking it. She met this challenge by asking her grandmother, a native speaker of Quechua, to
help her pronounce words in her song lyrics and also by taking classes in the language.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~prepared for#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because describing Flores Rivera as “prepared for”—or ready for—speaking Quechua wouldn’t make
sense in context. The text indicates that speaking Quechua presented a challenge, but if she were ready to speak the
language, then there would be no challenge.~=inexperienced with#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Renata Flores Rivera’s use of
Quechua in her music. In this context, “inexperienced with” means not accustomed to. The text indicates that Flores Rivera
wanted to promote the Quechua language in her music and overcame a challenge by seeking help with pronunciation from
her grandmother and by taking language classes. This context conveys the idea that Flores Rivera was not sufficiently
familiar with Quechua to use it in her music without help. Thus, she was inexperienced with speaking the language, which
she addressed by seeking help.~skilled in#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because describing Flores Rivera as “skilled in”—meaning
good at or capable of—speaking Quechua wouldn’t make sense in context. The text indicates that speaking Quechua
presented a challenge, but if she were capable of speaking the language, then there would be no challenge. Choice D is
incorrect. Flores Rivera was likely “excited about”—or thrilled or delighted with—speaking Quechua, but this wouldn’t make
sense in context. The text indicates that speaking Quechua presented a challenge, but if she were delighted with speaking
the language, then there would be no challenge.~excited about#No explanation provided.}

Question 12 - 0f040c50

The following text is from Yann Martel’s 2001 novel Life of Pi. The narrator’s family owned a zoo when he was a child. 
It was a huge zoo, spread over numberless acres, big enough to require a train to explore it, though it seemed to get
smaller as I grew older, train included. 
©2001 by Yann Martel
As used in the text, what does the word “spread” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Hidden#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because if the zoo covers “numberless acres,” then it could not reasonably be described as hidden, or
concealed from view.~Discussed#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because there is nothing in the text to suggest that the zoo was discussed, or
talked about. Rather, the text focuses on the zoo’s large size.~=Extended#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because as used in the text, “spread” most nearly means extended. The text states that the zoo
is “huge,” that it covers “numberless acres,” and that it is large enough that a train is needed to explore it. Thus, the text’s
emphasis on the zoo’s size suggests that the zoo extended, or stretched, over a large area of land.~Coated#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. Although in some contexts “spread” can
mean coated, it doesn’t have that meaning in this context because to coat something means to apply a thin layer of a liquid
substance, such as oil or paint, to a surface. Therefore, it would not be accurate to say that the zoo coated the acres on
which it sits.}

Question 13 - e1d5d5df

According to botanists, a viburnum plant experiencing insect damage may develop erineum—a discolored, felty growth—on
its leaf blades. A ______ viburnum plant, on the other hand, will have leaves with smooth surfaces and uniformly green
coloration.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~struggling#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context, “struggling” would mean working against difficulties. The text first describes
viburnum plants experiencing damage by insects, and the phrase “on the other hand” then establishes a contrast with that
description. It wouldn’t make sense to contrast struggling viburnum plants with those being damaged by insects, because in
both cases the plants would be experiencing difficulties.~beneficial#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this context, “beneficial” would
mean producing good or helpful effects. The text doesn’t discuss how viburnum plants affect other things or suggest that
the plants are helpful in some way; rather, it focuses on how viburnum plants are affected by certain conditions. Choice C is
incorrect because in this context “simple” would mean plain or uncomplicated. The text doesn’t discuss whether certain
viburnum plants are complicated or uncomplicated; rather, it focuses on how viburnum plants are affected by certain
conditions.~simple#No explanation provided.~=healthy#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of damage to viburnum plants. In this
context, “healthy” would mean not distressed or diseased. The text states that insect damage may cause viburnum plants to
be discolored and have abnormal growths. In the next sentence, the phrase “on the other hand” indicates a contrast with the
description of plants suffering from damage. Thus, the context contrasts the appearance of healthy, undamaged plants with
the appearance of damaged plants.}

Question 14 - 9e501aaf

Research conducted by planetary scientist Katarina Miljkovic suggests that the Moon’s surface may not accurately ______
early impact events. When the Moon was still forming, its surface was softer, and asteroid or meteoroid impacts would have
left less of an impression; thus, evidence of early impacts may no longer be present.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=reflect#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the Moon’s surface. In this context,
“reflect” means show or make apparent. The text states that because the surface of the Moon was softer when the Moon
was still forming than it is now, early asteroid and meteoroid impacts “would have left less of an impression” and, as a result,
evidence of them may no longer exist. This context supports the idea that the surface of the Moon may not accurately show
signs of early impact events.~receive#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to say that the surface of the Moon may not accurately “receive,” or
acquire or experience, early impacts from asteroids or meteoroids. The text indicates that the impacts have already
occurred, and it isn’t clear how the Moon’s surface could be accurate or inaccurate in experiencing them. Choice C is
incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to say that the surface of the Moon may not accurately “evaluate,” or determine the
significance or condition of, early impacts from asteroids or meteoroids, since that would suggest that it’s possible for the
Moon’s surface to make a decision of any kind.~evaluate#No explanation provided.~mimic#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. In this context, “mimic” would mean to deliberately
simulate or closely imitate something. It wouldn’t make sense to say that the surface of the Moon may not accurately mimic
early asteroid and meteoroid impacts, since that would suggest that it’s possible for the Moon to deliberately imitate
something.}

Question 15 - 9cdcd902

Charles “Teenie” Harris was a photographer for the Pittsburgh Courier from 1936 to 1975. During his career he took over
70,000 photographs documenting everyday life in Pittsburgh’s Black communities. The Carnegie Museum of Art maintains
thousands of his photographs, carefully ______ them so that audiences can continue to view them well into the future. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~replacing#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. "Replacing" means "putting something new in place of" the photographs. Replacing the photos will
make it so that audiences can’t view them at all.~inventing#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. "Inventing" means "creating a new idea, process, or
thing." The museum can’t invent photographs that already exist.~=preserving#Correct. Choice C is the best answer. "Preserving" means "maintaining" or "keeping in good condition," so preserving the photographs
means that audiences should be able to view them for a long time.~counting#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. Counting the photographs will not help
audiences view them well into the future.}

Question 16 - 3ec184af

Many ancient sculptures of people’s heads are missing their noses. This is because the nose is the most ______ part of a
sculpture of a person’s head. It is delicate and sticks out from the rest of the sculpture, making it especially easy to break.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~recognizable#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. In this context, "recognizable" would mean identifiable, and since the text indicates that noses are
often missing from ancient statues, they therefore cannot be the most recognizable part of the statue.~=fragile#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of noses on ancient sculptures. In this
context, "fragile" means weak or delicate. This matches the text’s description of noses on ancient sculptures, which are often
missing from sculptures’ heads because they are "especially easy to break." Therefore, this context indicates that noses on
ancient sculptures are the most fragile part of the sculptures’ heads.~common#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect
because the text indicates that many ancient statues are missing noses, so noses wouldn’t be "common," or frequent,
aspects of ancient statues; they would conversely be uncommon.~sophisticated#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text only indicates that
noses on ancient statues often stick out and end up missing from the heads, which doesn’t relate to the noses being
"sophisticated," or knowledgeable or refined.}

Question 17 - e3f05561

In the 1970s, video cameras became increasingly affordable for ordinary consumers and gave Ulysses Jenkins and other
artists capabilities that were previously unavailable except to television broadcasters. Jenkins recognized and took full
advantage of this ______ access to powerful technology to create groundbreaking works of video art, such as Mass of
Images (1978).
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=newfound#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Ulysses Jenkins’s video art. As
used in this context, “newfound” means recently discovered or established. The text indicates that in the 1970s, video
cameras became cheaper and therefore more widely available than they had been in the past. The text goes on to say that
this development provided Jenkins and other artists with capabilities that they previously didn’t have. As a result, Jenkins
began producing groundbreaking works of video art. This context supports the idea that Jenkins took advantage of
newfound access to video cameras.~delicate#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because “delicate” means fine in texture or structure or easily broken, neither of which would make
sense in this context. The text doesn’t focus on describing what video art looks like or whether it’s breakable. Choice C is
incorrect because “inevitable” means impossible to avoid, which wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text doesn’t
discuss the likelihood of artists, or anyone else, gaining access to video cameras.~inevitable#No explanation provided.~habitual#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because “habitual”
means doing something regularly or repeatedly. Although the text does suggest that Jenkins created multiple pieces of
video art, its focus is on the fact that video cameras had only just become widely available to artists in the 1970s. Jenkins’s
ability to take advantage of video cameras to make art was therefore newfound, not habitual, at the time.}

Question 18 - 4a2b2535

A brief book review cannot fully convey the ______ of Olga Tokarczuk’s novel The Books of Jacob, with its enormous cast of
characters, its complicated, wandering plot, and its page numbers that count backward (beginning at 965 and ending at 1).
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~accuracy#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although the word “accuracy,” or being free from error or falsehood, can sometimes be used to
describe a novel, the text doesn’t discuss whether Tokarczuk’s novel has this quality. Instead, the text describes the novel as
having a large cast of characters, a difficult-to-follow plot, and reverse page numbering. These features suggest complexity,
not accuracy.~inactivity#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because “inactivity” means being in a state of idleness or doing nothing, neither of which
would make sense in this context. The text describes Tokarczuk’s novel, and although it’s possible the novel could portray its
characters as inactive, it wouldn’t make sense to describe the novel itself as such.~=complexity#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Olga Tokarczuk’s novel The Books
of Jacob. As used in this context, “complexity” means having many complicated parts that when taken as a whole are
difficult to follow or explain. The text indicates that The Books of Jacob has a large cast of characters, a complicated and
wandering plot (that is, a plot that is difficult to follow), and reverse page numbering. Together, these features make up a
novel that’s challenging to read and summarize. This context supports the idea that a brief book review can’t do justice to the
novel’s complexity.~restraint#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this
context “restraint” would mean holding back or showing self-control, and the text doesn’t indicate that Tokarczuk’s novel has
either of these qualities. In fact, the features of the novel that the text describes, such as a large cast of characters, a
complicated and wandering plot, and reverse page numbering, suggest excess and complexity, not restraint.}

Question 19 - 9ccf463e

The following text is from Nella Larsen’s 1928 novel Quicksand.
The trees in their spring beauty sent through her restive mind a sharp thrill of pleasure. Seductive, charming, and
beckoning as cities were, they had not this easy unhuman loveliness.
As used in the text, what does the word “beckoning” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Demanding#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because there is no indication in this context that cities are “demanding,” or requiring effort. Choice B is
incorrect. Though “signaling,” or communicating something, might be considered a key feature of the act of “beckoning,” in
the context here, “beckoning” suggests that cities have attractive qualities that naturally draw people to them. Such attractive
qualities are not described by the word “signaling” alone. Therefore, “signaling” is an incorrect answer because it is
insufficiently precise.~Signaling#No explanation provided.~=Inviting#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because as used in the text, “beckoning” most nearly means “inviting,” or attractive. The text
portrays a woman who is looking at “trees in their spring beauty.” She compares them to cities, which have their own
pleasures even if they do not have the “easy unhuman loveliness” of trees: she thinks of cities as “seductive” and “charming,”
both adjectives that signify something that is enticing, or attractive. Therefore, cities that are seductive and charming would
also be described as inviting people closer to them.~Shifting#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because there is no reason to think in this context that the cities are “shifting,” or
changing shape.}

Question 20 - ca47273b

Biologist Jane Edgeloe and colleagues have located what is believed to be the largest individual plant in the world in the
Shark Bay area of Australia. The plant is a type of seagrass called Posidonia australis, and it ______ approximately 200
square kilometers.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~acknowledges#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. “Acknowledges” means “recognizes” or “admits the truth of.” Either way, it doesn’t make sense here: a
plant can’t “acknowledge” a distance.~produces#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. “Produces” can mean “makes,” “causes,” or “presents.” But none
of those definitions make sense here: a plant can’t make, cause, or present a distance.~=spans#Correct. Choice C is the best answer. “Spans” means “extends over a distance of” or “encompasses.” Since we’re talking about the
world’s largest plant, it makes sense to say that it “spans” about 200 square kilometers.~advances#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. This doesn’t fit
the logic of the text. “Advances” means “moves forward” or “progresses.” But the plant isn’t necessarily moving forward.
Rather, the text suggests that it already covers a distance of 200 square kilometers.}

Question 21 - 69a6d050

In the early 1800s, the Cherokee scholar Sequoyah created the first script, or writing system, for an Indigenous language in
the United States. Because it represented the sounds of spoken Cherokee so accurately, his script was easy to learn and
thus quickly achieved ______ use: by 1830, over 90 percent of the Cherokee people could read and write it.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=widespread#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the writing system created by
Sequoyah. In this context, “widespread” means widely accepted or practiced. The text indicates that because Sequoyah’s
script accurately represented the spoken sounds of the Cherokee language and was easy to learn, nearly all Cherokee people
were able to read and write it soon after it was created. This context demonstrates that the script was widely used by the
Cherokee people.~careful#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. In this context, “careful” would mean exercised with care and attentive concern. Although the work of
creating a writing system likely involved great care, the text indicates that the system was “easy to learn,” which conflicts
with the idea that using this system requires a noteworthy amount of care.~unintended#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context
“unintended” means not deliberate. The idea that using Sequoyah’s script was unintentional conflicts directly with the claim
that it was easy to learn and used by “over 90% of the Cherokee people” by 1830. In fact, because one had to learn this
system, it’s not clear how one could use it unintentionally.~infrequent#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this context “infrequent” means
rare or not occurring often, which conflicts directly with the claim that “over 90% of the Cherokee people” were using
Sequoyah’s script by 1830.}

Question 22 - e41dfaab

In 1929 the Atlantic Monthly published several articles based on newly discovered letters allegedly exchanged between
President Abraham Lincoln and a woman named Ann Rutledge. Historians were unable to ______ the authenticity of the
letters, however, and quickly dismissed them as a hoax.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=validate#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of letters allegedly exchanged
between President Lincoln and Rutledge. In this context, “validate” means to confirm that something is real or correct.
According to the text, it was alleged, or claimed, that the newly discovered letters had been written by Lincoln and Rutledge.
The text also indicates that historians ultimately decided the letters were a hoax, or fraudulent. This context suggests that
the historians couldn’t confirm that the letters were authentic.~interpret#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text focuses on the authenticity of the letters, which were claimed to have been written by Lincoln
and Rutledge and were then quickly dismissed as fraudulent by historians. Rather than conveying that the historians simply
weren’t able to “interpret,” or explain in an understandable way, the letters’ authenticity, the text suggests that the historians
decided the letters lacked authenticity altogether.~relate#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text states that the historians quickly dismissed
the letters claimed to have been written by Lincoln and Rutledge as fraudulent; this suggests that rather than being unable to
“relate,” or tell others about, the letters’ authenticity, the historians were able to share what they’d decided about the letters.~accommodate#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to suggest that the historians couldn’t “accommodate,” or give
consideration to, the authenticity of the letters claimed to have been written by Lincoln and Rutledge; the text states that the
historians decided that the letters were fraudulent, which indicates that they did consider whether the letters were authentic.}

Question 23 - 4d1a9c0d

Following the principles of community-based participatory research, tribal nations and research institutions are equal
partners in health studies conducted on reservations. A collaboration between the Crow Tribe and Montana State University ‐
______ this model: tribal citizens worked alongside scientists to design the methodology and continue to assist in data
collection.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~circumvents#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because referring to “circumvents,” or avoids, wouldn’t make sense in context. The text suggests that
the Crow Tribe–Montana State University collaboration serves as an example of the principles of community-based
participatory research, not that the collaboration evades this model.~eclipses#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because referring to “eclipses,” or
overshadows, wouldn’t make sense in context. The text describes the Crow Tribe–Montana State University collaboration as
an equal partnership, which indicates that it’s an example of the community-based participatory research model, not that it
overshadows the model.~fabricates#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because saying that the collaboration “fabricates,” or creates, the model
wouldn’t make sense in context. The text indicates that the Crow Tribe–Montana State University collaboration serves as an
example of the model, not that it created the model.~=exemplifies#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the collaboration between the Crow
Tribe and Montana State University. As used in this context, “exemplifies” means demonstrates. The text conveys how the
Crow Tribe–Montana State University collaboration serves to illustrate the model of community-based participatory research
introduced earlier in the text and expanded on later in the text.}

Question 24 - b5898291

The equipment from the Apollo Moon landings (1969–1972), such as radiation detectors and temperature probes, remains
there to this day, but the data from these missions were mostly inaccessible until a recent data-transfer project made them
______. This project has allowed researcher Seiichi Nagihara to make use of the information in investigating temperature
changes on the Moon.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~predictable#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because saying that a project made data from the Apollo equipment on the Moon "predictable" would
mean that the data could be known or declared in advance, and it’s not clear how that would be achieved, particularly with
data that had been "mostly inaccessible" before the project. Rather than suggesting that the data-transfer project made the
data predictable, the text conveys that it made the data available to be used as sources of information.~complicated#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect
because the sentence indicates that data from the Apollo equipment on the Moon were "mostly inaccessible" until a recent
data-transfer project did something to them, after which a researcher was able to make use of the data. This context
conveys that the project made the data accessible and usable, not that it made them "complicated," or complex or difficult to
understand.~representative#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. In this context, "representative" would mean either standing as a symbol of something or
serving as a typical example from a group, and the text gives no indication that data retrieved from the Apollo equipment on
the Moon was merely an example or symbolic. Rather, the text focuses on the availability and usefulness of the data,
indicating that a data-transfer project enabled a researcher to use data that had previously been "mostly inaccessible."~=available#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of how a data-transfer project affected
data from equipment from the Apollo Moon landings. In this context, "available" means accessible or able to be used. The
text explains that the Apollo equipment is still on the Moon, but the data it collected "were mostly inaccessible" until a datatransfer project was undertaken. The text then states that this project allowed a researcher to use the information that has
been collected. This context makes it clear that the project made previously inaccessible data available, or accessible.}

Question 25 - 5effa190

The process of mechanically recycling plastics is often considered ______ because of the environmental impact and the loss
of material quality that often occurs. But chemist Takunda Chazovachii has helped develop a cleaner process of chemical
recycling that converts superabsorbent polymers from diapers into a desirable reusable adhesive.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~resilient#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context “resilient” would mean able to withstand difficulty and the text does not
characterize the plastic-recycling process as having this quality or describe any difficulties that these processes might need
to overcome.~=inadequate#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion about recycling plastics. In this
context, “inadequate” means not satisfactory. The text indicates that the mechanical plastic-recycling process affects the
environment and causes “the loss of material quality.” The text contrasts that with Chazovachii’s chemical plastic-recycling
process, which is cleaner and produces a desirable product. The text’s emphasis on the negative aspects of mechanical
recycling suggests that it is inadequate in terms of environmental impact and the quality of the material the process yields.~dynamic#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context “dynamic” would mean constantly changing. Although the text
suggests that there have been changes in the field of recycling, as is the case with the advent of Chazovachii’s chemical
recycling process, there is nothing to suggest that the mechanical process itself has changed or is prone to change. Choice
D is incorrect because in this context “satisfactory” would mean acceptable but not perfect. The text mentions only
shortcomings of the mechanical process (environmental effects and lower material quality), so the text more strongly
supports a negative view of this process and provides no evidence that it would be considered satisfactory.~satisfactory#No explanation provided.}

Question 26 - a49500cc

Predatory animals differ widely in how they ______ food for their young. Some leave dead prey nearby for their young to
consume, some bring live prey to their young, and some feed their young directly from their own mouths. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~avoid#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context, "avoid" would mean keep away from or refrain from, neither of which would
make sense in context. Nothing in the text suggests that predators refrain from food for their young.~guess#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect
because in this context, "guess" would mean speculate or suppose, and it’s unclear what it would mean for predators to
speculate food for their young.~=provide#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of how predators feed their young. As
used in this context, "provide" means supply or make something that’s needed available. The text indicates that some
predators supply prey for their young by either leaving dead prey nearby or by bringing live prey to them. Other predators, the
text states, feed their young directly from their own mouths. This context supports the idea that predatory animals have
various ways to provide food for their young.~describe#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this context, "describe" would mean explain, and it’s unclear
what it would mean for predators to explain food for their young.}

Question 27 - f3fac04f

Bioluminescent beetles called fireflies may seem to create flashes of light randomly, but each species of firefly actually has
its own special series of repeated flashes and pauses. These unique ______ allow fireflies of the same species to find each
other.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~quantities#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because “quantities” means certain amounts or numbers of something. Although the text discusses
how different firefly species produce flashes and pauses in unique sequences that help other members of their species to
find them, it doesn’t mention the number of flashes that are used in these sequences.~decorations#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this
context, “decorations” would mean things that make an object more beautiful. Although it may be reasonable to say that
firefly flashes are beautiful, the text focuses on the fact that fireflies use these unique sequences of flashes to find other
members of their own species, not that the flashes make fireflies more beautiful.~=patterns#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the flashes created by fireflies. In
this context, “patterns” means distinct and predictable sequences. The text indicates that although the flashes that fireflies
produce appear to occur randomly—that is, without any particular sequence or rhythm—each species actually produces its
own special series of flashes and pauses. Indeed, these series of flashes are so unique that fireflies can use them to find
other members of their species. Therefore, this context supports the idea that fireflies produce flashes in distinct and
recognizable patterns.~agreements#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this
context, “agreements” would refer to deals that individuals have discussed and come to a consensus about. Since fireflies
aren’t capable of making such agreements, it wouldn’t make sense to use this word to refer to the signals they send each
other with their flashes.}

Question 28 - 6d5ddea4

According to Potawatomi ecologist Robin Wall Kimmerer, the Indigenous method of harvesting Hierochloe odorata, or
sweetgrass, by snapping the plant off at the root actually ______ wild populations: it may seem counterintuitive, she says, but
this method of removal allows new sweetgrass plants to repopulate the space, with an overall increase in number and vigor.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~selects#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although a harvesting method could be used to select for certain traits in plants, it’s not clear what it
would mean for a harvesting method to select “wild populations” of plants.~originates#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because as used in this
context, “originates” means creates. The text doesn’t address the origin of Hierochloe odorata, but rather how the Indigenous
harvesting method affects it.~conditions#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context, “conditions” means to influence someone or
something to behave in a certain way, and the text doesn’t suggest the new plants that replace the harvested ones differ in
any meaningful way, or in any way that could be the result of conditioning.~=replenishes#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the Indigenous method of
harvesting Hierochloe odorata. As used in this context, “replenishes” means helps increase the population or helps it recover.
The text explains that although snapping off a wild plant at the root might seem detrimental to the wild population, it actually
helps Hierochloe odorata, increasing both their “number and vigor.” This context conveys the idea that even though it seems
counterintuitive, the Indigenous method of harvesting Hierochloe odorata actually replenishes the wild population.}

Question 29 - 4b8244ca

One challenge of generating electricity from ocean waves is that wave power isn’t ______: it varies in unpredictable ways that
pose technological and planning problems for electricity generation. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~accidental#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text introduces a challenge and then elaborates on it by emphasizing that the
unpredictable nature of variations in ocean waves causes problems, which doesn’t indicate that wave power isn’t
"accidental," or isn’t happening unintentionally. It wouldn’t make sense to describe waves—a natural occurrence—as
happening intentionally.~confident#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because "confident" means having a feeling of self-assurance, and it wouldn’t
make sense to describe wave power itself in terms of either having or lacking a sense of confidence.~expensive#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect
because the text introduces a challenge and then elaborates on it by emphasizing that the unpredictable nature of variations
in ocean waves causes problems, which doesn’t indicate that wave power isn’t "expensive," or isn’t costly. If anything,
technological and planning problems might actually increase the expense of generating electricity from waves.~=consistent#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the challenge of generating
electricity from ocean waves. In this context, "consistent" means steady or unchanging over time. The text introduces a
challenge and then explains that wave power varies, or changes, unpredictably in ways that cause problems for electricity
generation. This context conveys that the challenge being described is a lack of consistency.}

Question 30 - a2835734

Visual artist Gabriela Alemán states that the bold colors of comics, pop art, and Latinx culture have always fascinated her.
This passion for the rich history and colors of her Latinx community translates into the ______ artworks she produces.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=vivid#Correct. Choice A is the best answer. "Vivid" can mean "colorful" or "bright-colored." This definition fits the context clues about
Alemán’s fascination with and passion for bold colors.~unknown#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. This doesn’t fit the logic of the text. Nothing in the text indicates that Alemán’s artworks are "unknown."~definite#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. This doesn’t fit the logic of the text. "Definite" means "certain" or "decided." It wouldn’t make sense to
describe artwork as "definite."~reserved#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. This doesn’t fit the logic of the text. "Reserved" can either mean "slow to
reveal emotions" or "booked." But the clues suggest that Alemán’s artworks are boldly colorful—almost the opposite of
"reserved."}

Question 31 - 37219ba2

The following text is from John Muir’s 1913 autobiography The Story of My Boyhood and Youth. Muir describes being on a
boat.
The water was so clear that it was almost invisible, and when we floated slowly out over the plants and fishes, we
seemed to be miraculously sustained in the air while exploring a veritable fairyland.
As used in the text, what does the word “clear” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Simple#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. In some contexts "clear" can mean "simple," or uncomplicated, but Muir is describing the water, and
water isn’t typically described as either simple or complicated. Muir emphasizes the water’s transparency, not its simplicity.~Understandable#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. In some contexts "clear" can mean "understandable," or reasonable or easily comprehended, but Muir
is describing the water, and it doesn’t make much sense to describe water as understandable. Muir emphasizes the water’s
transparency, not how easily the water can be understood.~Obvious#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although "clear" can mean "obvious," or
easily seen or understood, in some contexts, Muir’s description emphasizes that the water "was almost invisible" and that
the boat seemed to be "sustained in the air," suggesting that the water was almost impossible to see, not that it was obvious.~=Transparent#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because as used in the text, "clear" most nearly means transparent, or see-through. Muir states
that the water beneath the boat "was so clear that it was almost invisible," suggesting that those on the boat were able to
see through the water and easily observe plants and fish below the surface.}

Question 32 - a4ca92fd

Beginning in the 1950s, Navajo Nation legislator Annie Dodge Wauneka continuously worked to promote public health; this
______ effort involved traveling throughout the vast Navajo homeland and writing a medical dictionary for speakers of Diné
bizaad, the Navajo language.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~impartial#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because describing Wauneka’s effort related to public health as “impartial,” or not partial or biased and
treating all things equally, wouldn’t make sense in context. The text suggests that Wauneka’s continuous work was partial in
one way, as she focused specifically on promoting public health throughout the Navajo homeland and to speakers of the
Navajo language.~offhand#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text emphasizes that Wauneka’s effort to promote public health as a
Navajo Nation legislator was continuous and extensive, involving wide travels and the authoring of a medical dictionary.
Because this work clearly involved care and dedication, it wouldn’t make sense to describe it as “offhand,” or casual and
informal.~=persistent#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Annie Dodge Wauneka’s work as a
Navajo Nation legislator. As used in this context, “persistent” means existing continuously. The text states that Wauneka
“continuously worked to promote public health,” traveling extensively and authoring a medical dictionary; this indicates that
Wauneka’s effort was persistent.~mandatory#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Wauneka’s effort to promote public health was
“mandatory,” or required by law or rule, even though Wauneka was a Navajo Nation legislator. Rather than suggesting that
Wauneka’s effort was required for any reason, the text emphasizes the continuous and extensive nature of her work.}

Question 33 - d91e5499

A team of paleontologists has found a rich fossil deposit near Gulgong, Australia. The fossils are so well preserved that the
team has been able to ______ detailed information about the life forms that left them behind, such as color patterns and how
they interacted with other species. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~occupy#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because "occupy" means engage or inhabit, neither of which would make sense in context. It’s unclear
what it would mean for detailed information revealed by fossils to be engaged or inhabited.~hoard#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because
the text gives no indication that the paleontologists wanted to "hoard," or collect and hide, the detailed information revealed
by the well-preserved fossils.~reserve#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text gives no indication that the paleontologists wanted to
"reserve," or withhold, the detailed information revealed by the well-preserved fossils.~=obtain#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the fossil deposit. In this context,
"obtain" means gain or acquire. According to the text, a team of paleontologists has found fossils that are very well
preserved. For this reason, the text suggests, the paleontologists have been able to gain detailed information from the
fossils, such as the color patterns of the life forms that left them behind.}

Question 34 - 7d84fe2b

Particle physicists like Ayana Holloway Arce and Aida El-Khadra spend much of their time ______ what is invisible to the
naked eye: using sophisticated technology, they closely examine the behavior of subatomic particles, the smallest
detectable parts of matter.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~selecting#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Arce and El-Khadra spend time “selecting,” or choosing,
subatomic particles for some purpose; the text simply states that the particle physicists use advanced technology to see
and study the behavior of those tiny parts of matter.~=inspecting#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the work of particle physicists. In
this context, “inspecting” means viewing closely in order to examine. The text indicates that as particle physicists, Arce and
El-Khadra’s work involves using advanced technology to “closely examine” subatomic particles. In other words, they use
technology to inspect small parts of matter that can’t be seen by the naked eye.~creating#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Arce and
El-Khadra spend time “creating” subatomic particles, or bringing them into existence; the text simply states that the particle
physicists use advanced technology to see and study the behavior of those tiny parts of matter.~deciding#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. In this
context, “deciding” would mean making a final choice or judgment about something. It wouldn’t make sense to say that
particle physicists get to choose what is and isn’t visible to the naked eye, especially when the text presents it as fact that
subatomic particles are “the smallest detectable parts of matter” and would therefore be invisible. The text focuses on Arce
and El-Khadra’s close observation of those particles, not on any decisions they might make.}

Question 35 - d2eb1df1

In recommending Bao Phi’s collection Sông I Sing, a librarian noted that pieces by the spoken-word poet don’t lose their
______ nature when printed: the language has the same pleasant musical quality on the page as it does when performed by
Phi.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~scholarly#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. This isn’t a logical word choice. Based on the text, we’re looking for a word that means something
similar to “pleasant musical quality.” “Scholarly” would suggest something that is academic or well-researched, which
doesn’t match the meaning we’re looking for.~=melodic#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. Based on the text, we’re looking for a word that means something similar to “pleasant musical
quality.” That’s exactly what “melodic” means.~jarring#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. This isn’t a logical word choice. Based on the text, we’re
looking for a word that means something similar to “pleasant musical quality.” “Jarring” would suggest the opposite:
something unpleasant or discordant.~personal#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. This isn’t a logical word choice. Based on the text, we’re looking
for a word that means something similar to “pleasant musical quality.” “Personal” would suggest something that is
expressive or intimate, which doesn’t match the meaning we’re looking for.}

Question 36 - cb526866

The recent discovery of a carved wooden figure dating to around 2,000 years ago in a ditch in England was truly surprising.
Wooden objects ______ survive for so long due to their high susceptibility to rot, but archaeologists suspect layers of
sediment in the ditch preserved the figure by creating an oxygen-free environment.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~sturdily#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because “sturdily” means strongly, which wouldn’t make sense in context. If wooden objects in general
could strongly survive for long periods of time, then the discovery of a wooden figure that’s around 2,000 years old wouldn’t
be surprising.~carelessly#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because “carelessly” means accidentally. The text conveys the idea that wooden objects
in general don’t survive for very long because they rot, not that wooden objects in general accidentally survive despite this.~=rarely#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the discovery of a carved wooden
figure dating to around 2,000 years ago. In this context, “rarely” means infrequently. The text states that the discovery of the
figure was “truly surprising” and notes that wooden objects are highly prone to rot. This context conveys the idea that
wooden objects infrequently survive for as long as the carved figure has survived.~simply#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text conveys the idea that wooden objects in general don’t survive for very long because
they rot, not that wooden objects in general “simply,” or merely, survive for long periods of time. If wooden objects in general
could merely survive for as long as the figure has survived, then the discovery of the figure wouldn’t have been surprising.}

Question 37 - 83687083

Due to their often strange images, highly experimental syntax, and opaque subject matter, many of John Ashbery’s poems
can be quite difficult to ______ and thus are the object of heated debate among scholars.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~delegate#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because “delegate” means to assign someone as a representative of another person or to entrust
something to someone else, neither of which would make sense in context. The text is focused only on the difficulty that
readers have interpreting Ashbery’s poems due to their many unusual features; it doesn’t suggest anything about the poems
being difficult to delegate.~compose#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because describing Ashbery’s poems as difficult to “compose,” or put
together or produce, would make sense only if the text were about Ashbery’s experience of writing the poems. It could be
true that it was difficult for Ashbery to compose his poems, but the text doesn’t address this; it instead discusses how
readers interpret and engage with the poems.~=interpret#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of John Ashbery’s poems. As used in
this context, “interpret” would mean decipher the meaning of. The text indicates that Ashbery’s poems have many unusual
features, that it’s difficult to tell what exactly the poems’ subject matter is, and that scholars strongly disagree about the
poems. This context conveys the idea that it’s difficult to interpret Ashbery’s poems.~renounce#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because describing Ashbery’s poems as being difficult to
“renounce,” or give up or refuse, wouldn’t make sense in context. The text focuses on the idea that features of Ashbery’s
poems are odd or unclear and have caused heated scholarly debate. This context suggests that the poems are difficult to
interpret, not that the poems are difficult to renounce.}

Question 38 - 637d0878

The Appalachian Trail is a hiking path in the eastern United States. Much of the 2,000 mile trail passes through wilderness
areas. In order to ______ those areas, the United States Congress passed the National Trails System Act in 1968, ensuring
that the trail would not be sold or commercially developed.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~borrow#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. "Borrow" means "to take something with intent to return it." The text doesn’t say anything about taking
and returning the wilderness that surrounds the Appalachian Trail.~postpone#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. "Postpone" means "to put off until
later." Nothing in the passage suggests that Congress wants to "postpone" the wilderness areas (and that doesn’t make
sense anyway—they can postpone doing something to the wilderness areas, but they can’t postpone the areas themselves).~=protect#Correct. Choice C is the best answer. "Protect" means "preserve" or "keep safe from." By ensuring that the wilderness areas along the
Appalachian Trail can’t be sold or developed, the National Trails System Act protects them.~decorate#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. "Decorate" means "to adorn" or "add extra items or pictures to make more attractive." No details in the
text suggest that Congress wishes to make the trail fancier or more attractive.}

Question 39 - 6cf906fc

The following text is adapted from José Martí’s 1891 poem “At the Salon” (translated by Cecil Charles in 1898). The speaker
describes a painting featuring a female figure.
From the sterile soil no ray
   Of hope in a blade of green,
Nor sheltering roof is seen—
   Though the skies are heavy and gray.
Ah, this is the woman fair
   Who stole away my heart
In the splendid halls of art
   Yester-e’en as I wandered there!
As used in the text, what does the word “sheltering” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Protective#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, "sheltering" most nearly means protective. In the text, the speaker
describes a painting featuring a female figure. The speaker ultimately confesses to falling in love with the woman in the
painting, who has "stole[n] away" the speaker’s heart, but first the speaker describes elements of the painting’s setting. These
include sterile soil, barren fields with "no ray / Of hope in a blade of green"—a description that conveys a mood of melancholy
and forlornness, possibly reflecting the speaker’s own sadness at falling in love with an image that can’t return the speaker’s
love. The text continues by stating that there’s no "sheltering roof" in the painting, even though the "skies are heavy and gray,"
showing signs of an impending storm. Generally, a roof’s intended purpose is to provide protection from the elements, and in
this context, a roof would offer shelter and protection from the gathering storm.~Restrictive#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that a roof would be restrictive—that is, that it would limit or
restrain something in some way. Although a roof would provide some cover from stormy winds and rain, it wouldn’t limit the
wind and rain, only deflect them.~Affectionate#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that if a "sheltering roof"
were present in the painting, it would be affectionate, or loving and tender. In the text, the immediate context in which the
word "sheltering" appears refers to the absence of a roof that would provide protection from the oncoming storm depicted in
Assessment
SAT
Test
Reading and Writing
Domain
Craft and Structure
Skill
Words in Context
Difficulty
the painting, not to the idea that such a shelter would be loving and tender if it were present.~Suspicious#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in
this context, suspicious would mean questionable or dubious, and there’s nothing in the text to suggest that if any roofs were
present in the painting, they would be questionable or cause any suspicion.}

Question 40 - 4480fae9

The following text is adapted from Sui Sin Far’s 1912 short story “Mrs. Spring Fragrance.” Mr. and Mrs. Spring Fragrance
immigrated to the United States from China.
Mrs. Spring Fragrance was unaware that Mr. Spring Fragrance, tired with the day’s business, had thrown himself down
on the bamboo settee on the veranda, and that although his eyes were engaged in scanning the pages of the Chinese
World, his ears could not help receiving the words which were borne to him through the open window.
As used in the text, what does the word “receiving” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Denying#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because there is no indication in the text that Mr. Spring Fragrance is denying, or refusing the truth of,
the words coming to him through the window. He is merely distracted by them.~Entering#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because it wouldn’t
make sense to say that Mr. Spring Fragrance’s ears couldn’t help entering, or coming into, the words coming to him through
the window. Instead, the text indicates that the opposite occurs: that is, when Mr. Spring Fragrance hears the words, they
enter his ears, but his ears don’t enter the words.~Carrying#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because it doesn’t make sense in this context to think
of Mr. Spring Fragrance as carrying the words coming to him through the window, even though the word “carry” can have a
number of different meanings depending on context: for example, he is not lifting them, he is not supporting them, and he is
not accepting blame for them (as one “carries the blame” for a mistake).~=Hearing#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because as used in the text, “receiving” most nearly means hearing, or perceiving sound. The
text describes Mr. Spring Fragrance as he reads a newspaper, focusing on his eyes and ears. While his eyes look at the
newspaper, he is unwillingly distracted by words coming through a nearby open window (that is, “his ears could not help
receiving the words”). The words are being perceived specifically by his ears and not his eyes, and ears are the organs of
sense with which one hears, so therefore Mr. Spring Fragrance is hearing the words through the open window.}

Question 41 - 5d2fd27d

While we can infer information about climate activity in Earth’s distant past from physical evidence, we of course cannot
observe past climates directly. To study early Earth’s climate in action, we must ______ that climate using computer models
that represent various climate conditions consistent with the physical evidence.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~invent#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because scientists use existing physical evidence as a basis for developing computer models that
describe what Earth’s actual past climate might have been like. The models are not being used to “invent,” or imagine, a
completely fictional climate.~=simulate#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of climate activity in Earth’s distant
past. In this context, to “simulate” most nearly means to represent a natural process using computer models. According to
the text, understanding Earth’s early climate is difficult because we cannot make direct observations of the distant past.
Instead, scientists must create computer models that approximate early climate conditions, based on the physical evidence
that those conditions left behind on Earth’s surface. This context supports the idea that computer models simulate Earth’s
climate in the distant past.~exaggerate#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the computer models are being used in an attempt to describe as
accurately as possible what Earth’s past climate might have been like. They are not attempting to “exaggerate,” or distort,
those features.~preserve#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the computer models do not “preserve,” or protect from deterioration, Earth’s
early climate; instead, they attempt to reproduce the characteristics of that climate, based on the remaining physical
evidence of that climate.}

Question 42 - e3ffb854

The following text is adapted from John Matheus’s 1925 short story “Fog.”
The fog extended its tentacles over city and river, gradually obliterating traces of familiar landscapes. At five-thirty the
old Panhandle bridge, supported by massive sandstone pillars, stalwart, as when erected fifty years before to serve a
generation now passed behind the portals of life, had become a spectral outline against the sky.
As used in the text, what does the word “supported” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Held up#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, "supported" most nearly means held up or sustained physically. The
sentence describes the physical structure of the Panhandle bridge, stating it was "supported by massive sandstone pillars."
This clearly refers to the structural relationship between the bridge and its pillars—the pillars physically hold up the bridge
and keep it standing. The text further emphasizes the physical nature of this support by describing the pillars as "stalwart"
(strong and sturdy) and noting they’ve been performing this function for fifty years.~Encouraged#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although in some contexts "supported" can mean "encouraged," the sandstone pillars and bridge
described in the text are all inanimate objects that can’t provide or receive encouragement. The text clearly describes a
structural relationship between the elements of the bridge, not an emotional one.~Improved on#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. Although in some
contexts "supported" has a meaning similar to "improved on," the text doesn’t suggest that the sandstone pillars have
enhanced or made the bridge better; rather, they simply provide the necessary physical foundation to keep the bridge
standing. Thus, the sentence describes the structural elements of the bridge, not improvements made to it. Choice D is
incorrect. Although in some contexts "supported" can mean "defended," the text doesn’t present a situation in which the
sandstone pillars are defending the bridge from a threat. Instead, the description focuses on the physical structure of the
bridge, in which the pillars hold the bridge up and ensure its stability.~Defended#No explanation provided.}

Question 43 - afd48140

In 1877, 85% of California’s railways were already controlled by the Southern Pacific Railroad. The company further solidified
its ______ in rail access to the state’s Pacific coast when it completed the Sunset Route in 1883: running from Louisiana to
Southern California, the route established the first transcontinental rail line across the southern United States. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=dominance#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically and precisely completes the text’s discussion of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. As used in this context, "dominance" means the state of being more successful than others. The text states that
the Southern Pacific Railroad already controlled 85% of California’s railways in 1877, and that the Sunset Route it constructed
in 1883 was the first transcontinental rail line across the southern United States. Therefore, the Southern Pacific Railroad
would be more successful than other railroads in the area, and the construction of the Sunset Route would further solidify its
dominance in rail access to California’s coast.~creativity#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although the construction of the Sunset Route must have required some creativity, or use of
imagination, the word "creativity" would not also encompass the fact that the Southern Pacific Railroad already controlled
85% of California’s railways. The text is more focused on the railroad’s control of the field and overall success rather than its
imaginative thought processes.~insignificance#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because if the Southern Pacific Railroad controlled the majority of
California’s railways, it would not make sense to refer to its "insignificance," or the state of being unimportant. Rather, the
opposite would be true.~neutrality#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in context it would not make sense to refer to the Southern Pacific
Railroad’s "neutrality," or absence of strong opinion on a matter, since no opinions are mentioned. Nor would "neutrality" in
the sense of impartiality in a conflict be a logical or precise choice since no conflict is explicitly described. There might be an
implied conflict between the Southern Pacific Railroad and other railroads doing business in California, but that is not a
conflict in which the Southern Pacific Railroad would take an impartial position.}

Question 44 - daaed806

Mônica Lopes-Ferreira and others at Brazil’s Butantan Institute are studying the freshwater stingray species Potamotrygon
rex to determine whether biological characteristics such as the rays’ age and sex have ______ effect on the toxicity of their
venom—that is, to see if differences in these traits are associated with considerable variations in venom potency.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~a disconcerting#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text that suggests that the researchers have been studying whether the
stingrays’ age and sex have “a disconcerting,” or an unsettling and disturbing, effect on the stingrays’ venom. The text
indicates that the researchers wish to determine if stingray age and sex cause large variations in the toxicity of stingray
venom, not if the effect of age and sex is disconcerting.~an acceptable#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text indicates that researchers
want to find out whether differences in stingray age and sex produce differences in stingray venom, not that the researchers
want to find out whether age and sex have “an acceptable,” or a satisfactory, effect on venom. The text makes no mention of
what would make an effect on venom toxicity acceptable and gives no indication that the researchers are interested in that
question.~an imperceptible#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense in context for the researchers to be looking for “an
imperceptible,” or an unnoticeable, effect of age and sex on stingray venom. The text says that the researchers are trying to
determine if there are “considerable variations” in venom toxicity linked to age and sex, not that the researchers are trying to
find effects that they can’t perceive.~=a substantial#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the research that Lopes-Ferreira
and her colleagues are conducting on the stingray species Potamotrygon rex. As used in this context, “a substantial” effect
means an effect that is sizable or noteworthy. The text indicates that the researchers are seeking to determine whether there
are “considerable variations” in the potency of stingray venom that are associated with variation in the stingrays’ age and
sex. This context suggests that the researchers want to find out whether stingray age and sex have a substantial effect on
venom toxicity.}

Question 45 - 84f9b577

The following text is from Jhumpa Lahiri’s 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol, a child, is at a beach in Massachusetts with his
father.
On the beach Gogol collects rocks, digs tunnels in the sand. He and his father wander barefoot, their pant legs rolled
halfway up their calves. 
©2003 by Jhumpa Lahiri
As used in the text, what does the word “collects” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Increases#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context, "increases" would mean expands or inflates, which is not something a child
could logically do to rocks. Rather, the text indicates that Gogol "collects" or gathers rocks while strolling the beach with his
father.~Makes#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this context, "makes" would suggest that Gogol is creating or manufacturing rocks,
which doesn’t make sense. Rather, the text indicates that Gogol "collects" or gathers rocks while strolling the beach with his
father.~Ignores#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context, "ignores" would mean disregards or avoids, but in the text Gogol
"collects rocks," which indicates that he’s engaging with the rocks, not ignoring them.~=Gathers#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because as used in the text, "collects" most nearly means gathers or accumulates. In the text,
Gogol "collects" (or gathers) rocks and digs in the sand while strolling the beach with his father. Thus, "gathers" is the best
answer.}

Question 46 - 5514fd1f

Archaeologist Erika Karuzas works with the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of Montana to preserve culturally
significant sites. In 2015 they decided that creating a new national trail connecting many of these sites would ______ their
preservation efforts, because the US government provides some protections to national trails that aren’t given to other areas.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~inspire#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because "inspire" means motivate or influence, which wouldn’t make sense in context. The text
establishes that Karuzas and the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of Montana work to preserve culturally significant
sites and that their decision to create a new national trail occurred as a result of a desire to add protections to the sites that
they wouldn’t otherwise receive. Thus, creating the trail wouldn’t inspire the efforts to preserve the sites; instead, it would
promote the efforts.~ignore#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because "ignore" means overlook, which wouldn’t make sense in context. The text
indicates that Karuzas and the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of Montana work to preserve culturally significant
sites and that they decided to create a national trail connecting the sites because such a trail would receive protections from
the US government that the sites wouldn’t otherwise receive. Thus, the creation of the trail would promote, not ignore, the
preservation efforts.~=promote#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the preservation efforts undertaken
by Erika Karuzas and the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of Montana. In this context, "promote" means play a part
in the success or growth of something or someone. The text indicates that Karuzas and the Confederated Salish and
Kootenai Tribes work to preserve culturally important sites. It goes on to say that their decision to create a national trail
connecting the sites was motivated by the fact that such a trail would receive protections from the US government that the
sites wouldn’t otherwise receive. Thus, such a decision would promote the preservation efforts.~reduce#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because "reduce" means decrease or restrict, which wouldn’t make sense in
context. The text indicates that Karuzas and the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of Montana work to preserve
culturally significant sites and that they decided to create a national trail connecting the sites because such a trail would
receive protections from the US government that the sites wouldn’t otherwise receive. The decision would therefore promote,
not reduce, the preservation efforts.}

Question 47 - bdab32fc

Cucurbits, a group of plants that includes squash and melons, relied on mastodons to spread their seeds in the Ice Age.
When these animals died out, cucurbits faced extinction in turn, having lost their means of seed dispersal. Around this time,
however, the ancestors of Indigenous peoples in North America began raising cucurbits as crops, thus ______ the plants’
survival.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~verifying#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context verifying means making sure that something is accurate. In the text, the
ancestors of Indigenous peoples in North America were ensuring the survival, not the accuracy of, the cucurbits. Choice B is
incorrect. Although the cucurbit crops themselves were multiplying, or growing in number, as a result of the work of the
ancestors of Indigenous peoples in North America, it wouldn’t make sense in context to say that the survival of the plants
was multiplying.~multiplying#No explanation provided.~comforting#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because according to the text, in raising cucurbits as crops, the ancestors of
Indigenous peoples in North America were attempting to help the plants grow and survive; they weren’t attempting to
comfort, or free the plants from pain.~=ensuring#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of cucurbits. In this context, “ensuring”
means guaranteeing, or making sure of, the cucurbits’ survival. The text states that cucurbits faced extinction in the past
because their means of seed dispersal disappeared, but the ancestors of Indigenous peoples in North America began
farming cucurbits around that same time, so the crops were no longer threatened. Therefore, the context supports the idea
that the ancestors of Indigenous peoples in North America helped with ensuring the cucurbits’ survival.}

Question 48 - b92c13fa

According to statistician Nassim Nicholas Taleb, the best way to predict the amount of time a nonperishable entity (such as
a building or a technology) will continue to exist is to examine how long it has survived so far. In this view, an item’s age is
the strongest ______ how much longer it will last.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~uncertainty about#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The passage tells us that examining an item’s age is the best way to predict how much longer it will
last. Therefore, according to Taleb’s theory, an item’s age should add more certainty about how much longer it will last.~=indicator of#Correct. Choice B is the best answer. “Indicator” means “something that shows or suggests,” which matches Taleb’s argument that an
item’s age can suggest how much longer it will last.~motivation for#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. A “motivation” is “a reason for doing.” Items don’t have feelings and motivations, so it wouldn’t make
sense to say that their age is a motivation for how much longer they will last.~criticism of#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. “Criticism” can mean
“describing faults or problems” or “an analysis of an artistic work.” Neither of these definitions makes sense here. An item’s
age can’t criticize how much longer it will last.}

Question 49 - 74ee7737

Whether Carmen Lomas Garza is creating small paintings and illustrations or large public artworks—such as Baile, a copper
cutout of traditional Mexican dance in the San Francisco International Airport—she is ______ direct experience, drawing from
memories of her childhood in Texas or details of her current surroundings in California.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~complimented by#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because it wouldn’t make logical sense to indicate that Garza is "complimented by"—or praised by—
something inanimate such as direct experience.~uncertain about#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because describing Garza as "uncertain about"—or
unsure or doubtful of—direct experience would suggest that she had misgivings about it. If Garza were unsure of her
experiences, that would suggest that she couldn’t recall them, and Garza wouldn’t be able to represent direct experience in
her art if she were uncertain of the memories or details.~unbothered by#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because describing Garza as "unbothered by"—
or uninterested in—her experience would imply the opposite of what the text suggests about Garza’s artistic process. The
text indicates that Garza’s art comes from memories of her childhood in Texas and details of her surroundings in California.~=inspired by#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Carmen Lomas Garza’s artistic
process. In this context, "inspired by" means influenced by or motivated by. The text refers to how, regardless of the scale of
the work, Garza uses her memories of Texas and details from California to create her art. If Garza is basing her work on her
direct experiences, then they play a part in her artistic process. This context thus suggests that Garza’s art is inspired by the
experiences of her childhood in Texas and her current life in California.}

Question 50 - 849bf8d7

In the mid-nineteenth century, some abolitionist newspapers ______ westward migration in the United States; by printing a
letter that described the easy fortunes and high salaries miners could make in California during the Gold Rush, Frederick
Douglass’s newspaper North Star was one such publication that inspired readers to relocate.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=stimulated#Correct. Choice A is the best answer. "Stimulated" means "encouraged interest or increased activity in." Because the newspapers
discussed the benefits of westward migration and "inspired readers to relocate," we can infer that they encouraged people to
move west.~assigned#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. "Assigned" means "gave a job or duty." Newspapers do not have the power to assign people to move
west, although they can encourage it.~opposed#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. "Opposed" means "disapproved of." We can tell that this isn’t the
case, because the newspapers discussed "the easy fortunes and high salaries miners could make in California" and "inspired
readers to relocate."~disregarded#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. "Disregarded" means "ignored." If the newspapers are writing about the west and
"inspir[ing] readers to relocate," they can’t be ignoring it at the same time.}


==================================================
Copy the text above and paste it into your Moodle quiz
