MOODLE CLOZE FORMAT OUTPUT:
==================================================
Question 1 - f7d58b53

Like other tribal nations, the Muscogee (Creek) Nation is self-governing; its National Council generates laws regulating
aspects of community life such as land use and healthcare, while the principal chief and cabinet officials ______ those laws
by devising policies and administering services in accordance with them.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=implement#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of self-government among the
Muscogee (Creek) Nation. In this context, “implement” means to carry out or put into effect. The text states that the National
Council generates laws, while the principal chief and cabinet officials are responsible for “devising policies and administering
services in accordance with” those laws. This context suggests that the principal chief and cabinet officials implement the
laws: they put the laws into effect by creating policies and administering services that accord with those laws.~presume#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because “presume” in this context would mean to assume based on incomplete information, and the
text does not suggest that the principal chief and cabinet officials either made assumptions about the content of the laws or
had incomplete information about them.~improvise#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context “improvise” would mean to create
something without preparation, and the text does not suggest that the principal chief and cabinet officials create policies
and administer services without advance preparation.~mimic#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that the
principal chief and cabinet officials “mimic,” or imitate, the laws generated by the National Council. To mimic laws would
mean to generate new laws that are imitations of existing laws, but the text indicates that the National Council, not the
principal chief and cabinet officials, is responsible for generating laws. Instead of generating laws, the principal chief and
cabinet officials put laws into effect by “devising policies and administering services in accordance with” the laws.}

Question 2 - 6286dd96

The following text is adapted from Frances Hodgson Burnett’s 1905 novel A Little Princess. Sara is a young student at a
school in London.
Sara not only could tell stories, but she adored telling them. When she sat or stood in the midst of a circle and began to
invent wonderful things, her green eyes grew big and shining, her cheeks flushed, and, without knowing that she was
doing it, she began to act and made what she told lovely or alarming by the raising or dropping of her voice.
As used in the text, what does the word “invent” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Mislead#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Although the text suggests that Sara makes up "wonderful things," nothing suggests that she does so
to mislead, or intentionally deceive, others; there is no reason to assume that Sara’s listeners don’t know that she’s creating
the stories she shares.~Disguise#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Sara is disguising, or trying to cover
up or conceal, "wonderful things" when she tells stories; rather, she is creating them and presenting them in ways that make
them "lovely or alarming" for her listeners.~=Create#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because as used in the text, "invent" most nearly means create or make up. The text begins by
stating that Sara likes to tell stories and thoroughly enjoys telling them. The rest of the text describes how she looks and
acts when she invents, or creates, "wonderful things" in her stories ("what she told").~Discover#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Sara is
discovering, or unexpectedly finding, "wonderful things" in the stories she loves to tell; rather, that she is making things up as
she tells the stories.}

Question 3 - 44cc5f75

Artificially delivering biomolecules to plant cells is an important component of protecting plants from pathogens, but it is
difficult to transmit biomolecules through the layers of the plant cell wall. Markita del Carpio Landry and her colleagues have
shown that it may be possible to ______ this problem by transmitting molecules through carbon nanotubes, which can cross
cell walls.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~conceptualize#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense in context to say that Landry and her colleagues have shown that it
may be possible to “conceptualize,” or form an idea of, the difficulty of transmitting biomolecules through the walls of plant
cells. The text presents this difficulty as a known problem that Landry and her colleagues think they may have solved, not as
a mysterious occurrence that they have yet to form ideas about.~neglect#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text suggests that Landry
and her colleagues think it may be possible to successfully deal with the problem of transmitting biomolecules through the
walls of plant cells, not that Landry and her colleagues think it may be possible to “neglect,” or simply to disregard and ignore
the problem.~illustrate#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense in context to say that Landry and her colleagues have
shown that it may be possible to “illustrate,” or demonstrate, the difficulty of transmitting biomolecules through the walls of
plant cells by using carbon nanotubes. According to the text, carbon nanotubes allow molecules to be transmitted to plant
cells—something that is otherwise difficult to do. The text therefore presents carbon nanotubes as a way of possibly solving
a problem, not as a means of demonstrating the problem.~=overcome#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of delivering biomolecules to plant
cells. In this context, “overcome” means to succeed in dealing with an obstacle. The text suggests that although it’s difficult
to move biomolecules through plant cell walls, Landry and her colleagues have shown that carbon nanotubes may be useful,
since they can cross cell walls. This context conveys that Landry and her colleagues think it’s possible, using carbon
nanotubes, to succeed in dealing with the obstacle of transmitting biomolecules to plant cells.}

Question 4 - afd2a9eb

Manul cats are small, shy felines. They live mostly alone in out-of-the-way parts of Asia, such as on Mount Everest. These
cats have been difficult to research because their habitats are so ______ large populations of humans.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~full of#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because saying that the habitats of manul cats are "full of large populations of humans" would indicate
that the cats cohabitate with many humans, which would directly contradict the text’s claim that the cats live in "out-of-theway" areas.~drawn to#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the missing words describe an aspect of manul cats’ habitats, or the areas where
they live, and it wouldn’t make sense to say that areas could be "drawn to," or attracted by, large groups of humans. Choice C
is incorrect. In this context, "responsible for" would mean either having an obligation to care for something or being the
cause of something, and it wouldn’t make sense to say that the habitats of manul cats (the areas where the cats live) would
need to care for humans or that the habitats somehow created large human populations.~responsible for#No explanation provided.~=distant from#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of manul cats. The text states that
manul cats live in "out-of-the-way parts of Asia" (citing the famously remote Mount Everest as an example) and indicates that
it is difficult to research the cats because of the location of their habitats. By emphasizing that the habitats are remote in
relation to humans, the text conveys that being "distant from," or far from, large groups of humans makes manul cats
challenging to study.}

Question 5 - 3654202f

Radar and sonar can detect objects or people through walls, but they are too costly for consumer use. Researchers Fadel
Adib and Dina Katabi have shown, however, that there may be a comparatively ______ alternative: small changes to the Wi-Fi
technology used in smartphones can give users a cheap way to count people or even identify their gestures through walls.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~infrequent#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text indicates that a small modification to the smartphones that many consumers already
own would presumably result in consumers using that technology to detect objects or people through walls more regularly,
or frequently; therefore, it would not be true that such technology would be comparatively infrequent, or uncommon. Choice
C is incorrect because there is nothing in the text to indicate that either radar and sonar or changes to smartphone Wi-Fi
technology are capable of being misunderstood or mistaken for something else; therefore, it would not make sense to
describe changes to Wi-Fi smartphone technology as comparatively unmistakable, or indisputable.~=inexpensive#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of ways to detect people through
walls. In this context, "inexpensive" means less costly or low in price. The passage describes two kinds of methods that can
be used to "detect objects or people through walls": radar and sonar, and changes to the Wi-Fi technology used in
smartphones. The word "comparatively" before the blank indicates that the best answer would be one that helps to describe
a comparison between the two. Radar and sonar are described as "costly," while the method that uses Wi-Fi technology is
described as "cheap"; therefore, it would be comparatively affordable, or inexpensive.~unmistakable#No explanation provided.~impractical#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect
because the text indicates that a small modification to the smartphones that many consumers already own and carry with
them would be more functional or practical than radar and sonar, not more impractical, or unrealistic.}

Question 6 - 03f5a9b7

When marine biologist Brittany Williams played different ocean recordings to groups of oyster larvae, groups that heard
sounds of a healthy oyster reef were the most ______. They were twice as likely as other groups to show signs of making a
permanent home. This suggests that playing recordings of a healthy ocean reef may encourage oysters to create such a
reef.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=responsive#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of oysters and ocean recordings. As
used in this context, "responsive" means reacting positively. The text presents a finding and describes it as suggesting that
healthy ocean sounds may encourage oyster larvae to establish a reef (a permanent home): groups of oyster larvae that
heard recorded sounds of a healthy oyster reef were two times more likely to show signs of forming their own reef than
groups that heard different ocean recordings were. This context conveys that the groups that heard healthy reef sounds had
a more positive reaction than the other groups did—that is, they were the most responsive.~inactive#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text doesn’t indicate that hearing sounds of a healthy oyster reef caused some groups of
oyster larvae to become "inactive," or to stop engaging in work or activity. Instead, the text conveys that the groups that heard
those sounds were observed engaging in activity: they were two times more likely to create a reef (a permanent home) than
groups that heard different ocean sounds were.~liked#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because describing the groups of oyster larvae that
heard sounds of a healthy oyster reef as most "liked," or regarded with pleasure, wouldn’t make sense in context. The text
focuses on the idea that a study found that healthy reef sounds may encourage groups of oyster larvae to form reefs
(permanent homes), not on the idea that some of the groups in the study were liked more than others.~distressed#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect
because the text doesn’t indicate that hearing sounds of a healthy oyster reef caused some groups of oyster larvae to be
"distressed," or to experience difficulty or begin to decline. Instead, the text indicates that the sounds increased the likelihood
that groups of larvae would establish a reef (a permanent home), suggesting that the sounds had a positive effect on the
larvae.}

Question 7 - edd64a4a

The following text is adapted from Charles Chesnutt’s 1899 story “The Wife of His Youth.” Mr. Ryder is hosting a formal
gathering where he will propose marriage to the woman he has been courting.
[A] younger and less cautious man would long since have spoken. But he had made up his mind, and had only to
determine the time when he would ask her to be his wife. He decided to give a ball in her honor, and at some time
during the evening of the ball to offer her his heart and hand.
As used in the text, what does the word “determine” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Choose#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, "determine" most nearly means choose or decide. The text indicates
that Mr. Ryder "had made up his mind" to ask a woman to marry him but had not yet "spoken"—that is, he had not yet asked
her. The text also indicates that Mr. Ryder "decided" to throw a party for the woman and ask her during it. This context
conveys that after making up his mind to propose, what Mr. Ryder had to do was determine, or choose, the time to do it.~Influence#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this context, "determine" doesn’t mean influence, or affect or control. The text isn’t indicating
that Mr. Ryder is controlling time itself; such a thing isn’t possible. Rather, the text conveys that after making up his mind to
ask a woman to marry him, Mr. Ryder had to make another decision about his own actions by selecting a time to propose.~Demonstrate#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text focuses on Mr. Ryder’s plan to ask a woman to marry him and his decision about when to ask
her. This context conveys that after making up his mind to propose, Mr. Ryder had to choose the time, not that he had to
demonstrate, or show, the time; it’s not clear what it would mean to demonstrate a time.~Measure#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this
context, "determine" doesn’t mean measure, or control with careful restraint. The text isn’t indicating that Mr. Ryder is
carefully controlling time itself; such a thing isn’t possible. Rather, the text conveys that after making up his mind to ask a
woman to marry him, Mr. Ryder had to make another decision about his own actions by selecting a time to propose; it’s Mr.
Ryder’s decision that is measured, not the time he eventually chooses.}

Question 8 - f8ca5766

Nigerian American author Teju Cole’s ______ his two passions—photography and the written word—culminates in his 2017
book, Blind Spot, which evocatively combines his original photographs from his travels with his poetic prose.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~indifference to#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because describing Cole as feeling “indifference to” his two passions wouldn’t make sense in context. If
Cole is indifferent to his passions, that would mean he doesn’t care about photography or writing—in which case they
wouldn’t be his passions at all.~=enthusiasm for#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Cole’s book Blind Spot. In this
context, “enthusiasm for” means excitement about. The text explains that Blind Spot consists of original photographs as
well as poetic prose—two elements that correspond to Cole’s passions, identified in the text, for photography and the written
word. This context suggests that Cole’s excitement about photography and writing led him to create a book that successfully
combines the two mediums.~concern about#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that Cole feels “concern
about,” or uneasiness about, his passions. The text’s use of the word “culminates” indicates that Blind Spot represents a
triumphant climax of Cole’s passions, not a work that results from his sense of discomfort with photography and writing.~surprise at#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that Cole feels “surprise at,” or astonished by, his
passions. The text indicates that Cole’s feeling about his passions “culminates” in a book that “evocatively” combines
photographs and writing, suggesting that Cole has a long-standing and skillful relationship to his passions, not that he is
startled by them.}

Question 9 - 9671d61d

The following text is from Claude McKay’s 1922 poem “Morning Joy.” The speaker is looking out a window and observing a
wold, or large area of land.
At night the wide and level stretch of wold,
Which at high noon had basked in quiet gold,
Far as the eye could see was ghostly white;
Dark was the night save for the snow’s weird light.
I drew the shades far down, crept into bed;
Hearing the cold wind moaning overhead
Through the sad pines, my soul, catching its pain,
Went sorrowing with it across the plain.
As used in the text, what does the word “drew” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Pulled#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, “drew” most nearly means pulled. In the text, the speaker stands at
a window, looking out on a landscape at night. The speaker then “drew the shades far down, crept into bed.” That is, the
speaker pulled down, or lowered, the shades until they were completely shut before going to sleep.~Drained#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although in some contexts, “drew” can refer to draining or removing liquid, especially water, as when
someone draws water from a well, in this context it refers to the speaker pulling down window shades for the night. Choice C
is incorrect. In some contexts, “drew” can be used to describe how a person or thing inspires, or elicits, a response from
someone, as when a performer draws applause from an audience. But in this context it refers to the speaker pulling down
window shades for the night.~Inspired#No explanation provided.~Sketched#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. Although “drew” has several meanings, including sketched, or illustrated
with a pen or pencil, in this context it refers to the speaker pulling down window shades for the night.}

Question 10 - ba974387

The following text is adapted from Mary Seacole’s 1857 autobiography Wonderful Adventures of Mrs. Seacole in Many
Lands.
That journey across the Isthmus [of Panama], insignificant in distance as it was, was by no means an easy one. It
seemed as if nature had determined to throw every conceivable obstacle in the way of those who should seek to join
the two great oceans of the world.
As used in the text, what does the word “conceivable” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Obvious#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context, "conceivable" does not mean obvious, or evident. Instead, by referring to "every
conceivable obstacle," the text suggests a wide variety of challenges by evoking all the potential difficulties nature could
present, not just those that the travelers might reasonably expect or foresee.~=Imaginable#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because as used in the text, "conceivable" most nearly means capable of being thought of or
imagined. The text describes a journey that, despite being "insignificant in distance," was "by no means an easy one" because
of the variety of obstacles that "nature had determined to throw…in the way." To emphasize the difficulty of the journey, the
author portrays nature as actively scheming to present travelers with every obstacle that can be thought of—i.e., every
imaginable obstacle.~Straightforward#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context,
"conceivable" does not mean straightforward, or easy to negotiate. The text is not indicating that the obstacles were simple
to respond to and overcome. Rather, the text suggests that a wide range of obstacles made the journey difficult. Choice D is
incorrect because in this context, "conceivable" does not mean uninterrupted. Although the text suggests that the obstacles
were frequent and numerous, it does not emphasize the obstacles’ continuity; instead, the text conveys their unexpected
variety and range.~Uninterrupted#No explanation provided.}

Question 11 - 05575bca

The following text is adapted from Lewis Carroll’s 1871 novel Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There.
Alice, a child, is talking to her cat.
“Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty? How nice and soft it sounds! Just as if someone was kissing
the window all over outside.”
As used in the text, what does the word “soft” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Gentle#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, "soft" most nearly means gentle. The text portrays Alice speaking
about the snow falling against the window, describing it as sounding "nice" and similar to someone "kissing the window."
These details most strongly suggest that Alice thinks the sound made by the snow falling against the window is gentle.~Sensitive#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although in some contexts, "gentle" can mean sensitive, or caring about others’ feelings, that isn’t the
meaning in this context; it doesn’t make sense to say that Alice thinks the sound of the snow cares about anything. Choice C
is incorrect because the text doesn’t suggest that Alice thinks the sound of the snow is shapeless, or lacks a definite shape;
she isn’t indicating how anything looks or feels but, rather, is describing how "nice" and gentle the snow sounds. Choice D is
incorrect because the text doesn’t suggest that Alice thinks the sound of the snow is bland, or uninteresting; rather, she
notices the sound and comments on how "nice" it is.~Shapeless#No explanation provided.~Bland#No explanation provided.}

Question 12 - 1ad04ea0

In habitats with limited nutrients, certain fungus species grow on the roots of trees, engaging in mutually beneficial
relationships known as ectomycorrhizae: in this symbiotic exchange, the tree provides the fungus with carbon, a nutrient
necessary for both species, and the fungus ______ by enhancing the tree’s ability to absorb nitrogen, another key nutrient,
from the soil.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~overreacts#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text emphasizes that the relationship between certain fungi and trees in some habitats
involves a “symbiotic exchange” in which each organism helps the other access an important nutrient. Nothing in the text
suggests that the fungus “overreacts,” or responds too strongly, by allowing the tree to be better able to absorb a beneficial
nutrient.~=reciprocates#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of ectomycorrhizae relationships. In
this context, “reciprocates” means responds in kind or degree. The text indicates that the relationship between certain fungi
and trees in some habitats is “mutually beneficial” and involves a “symbiotic exchange” in which each organism helps the
other access an important nutrient. In other words, each organism provides the same kind of benefit it receives: the tree
provides a nutrient (carbon) for the fungus and the fungus reciprocates by helping the tree to absorb more of another
nutrient (nitrogen).~retaliates#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because “retaliates” means responds to a harmful action with a similarly harmful action. The
text indicates that the relationship between certain fungi and trees in some habitats is “mutually beneficial” and involves a
“symbiotic exchange” in which each organism helps the other, not that the relationship is one in which the organisms harm
one another.~deviates#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. In this context, “deviates” would mean departs from an established course or norm. The
text explains that the relationship between certain fungi and trees in some habitats involves a “symbiotic exchange” in which
each organism helps the other access an important nutrient. Because the relationship involves benefits for both the fungus
and the tree, it wouldn’t make sense to say that the fungus deviates by helping the tree be better able to absorb a beneficial
nutrient.}

Question 13 - 04e4c51d

Taking photographs in the mid-1800s was complicated and expensive, but this changed with the 1854 invention of the carte
de visite, a small photo that cost little to make. Carte de visite photos helped to ______ photography: they made it easy and
enjoyable for everyday people to have their pictures taken, and people at the time loved exchanging these small photos with
friends and family.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~weaken#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text indicates that instead of weakening the emerging technology of photography, carte de
visite photos allowed it to be more widely accessed and enjoyed by people.~praise#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text establishes that
large numbers of people enjoyed using carte de visite photos, so it can be inferred that these photos caused photography to
be praised, or celebrated. However, it wouldn’t make sense to say that inanimate objects—in this case, photos—had praised
photography; instead, carte de visite consumers themselves would have praised it.~=popularize#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of carte de visite photos. To
"popularize" a technology is to allow it to be used and appreciated widely. The text explains that unlike the photos produced
by earlier forms of photographic technology, carte de visite photos were inexpensive and could easily be obtained by
"everyday people," who enjoyed exchanging the images. Therefore, carte de visite photos helped popularize photography.~isolate#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text
explains that rather than isolating photography, or limiting its availability, carte de visite technology made photography more
widely accessible to people.}

Question 14 - 479c7e82

Although critics believed that customers would never agree to pay to pick their own produce on farms, such concerns didn’t
______ Booker T. Whatley’s efforts to promote the practice. Thanks in part to Whatley’s determined advocacy, farms that
allow visitors to pick their own apples, pumpkins, and other produce can be found throughout the United States.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~enhance#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text indicates that critics’ skepticism of the idea that customers would pay to pick their own
produce didn’t have some effect on Whatley’s promotion of the practice. The text illustrates this assertion by describing
Whatley’s “determined advocacy” for the practice. This context suggests that critics’ concerns didn’t obstruct Whatley’s
efforts, not that critics’ concerns didn’t “enhance,” or increase or improve, Whatley’s efforts.~=hinder#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Booker T. Whatley. In this context,
“hinder” means hold back or obstruct. The text explains that Whatley encouraged farms to allow customers on site to pick
their own produce for a fee. He did so despite critics’ concerns that the customers would never pay to do so. This context
establishes that the critics’ concerns didn’t hinder Whatley’s efforts to promote the practice.~misrepresent#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in
this context, “misrepresent” would mean portray inaccurately, and the text includes no information relevant to the issue of
how Whatley’s efforts were portrayed by critics of the practice of charging customers to pick their own produce. Choice D is
incorrect. The text indicates that critics’ skepticism of the idea that customers would pay to pick their own produce didn’t
have some effect on Whatley’s promotion of the practice. The text illustrates this assertion by describing Whatley’s
“determined advocacy” for the practice. This context suggests that critics’ concerns didn’t obstruct Whatley’s efforts, not
that critics’ concerns didn’t “aggravate,” or irritate or make more severe, Whatley’s efforts.~aggravate#No explanation provided.}

Question 15 - 52fe862a

Researcher Lucy Salazar is using radiocarbon dating to study Machu Picchu, an ancient Incan fortress in the Andes
Mountains. She and her colleagues have found that the site’s age differs from the ______ estimate: it is approximately 20
years older than scholars thought when first encountering Machu Picchu in 1911.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~genuine#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. The text’s structure indicates that the missing word describes the estimate made by scholars when
they first encountered Machu Picchu in 1911 in relation to the age determined by Salazar and her colleagues. It wouldn’t
make sense to suggest that the estimate by earlier scholars was "genuine," or actual and true, while the one by Salazar’s
team wasn’t, since the text treats the finding by Salazar’s team as true and as invalidating the earlier estimate ("it is
approximately 20 years older than scholars thought").~intentional#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text’s structure indicates that the missing
word describes the estimate made by scholars when they first encountered Machu Picchu in 1911 in relation to the age
determined by Salazar and her colleagues. It wouldn’t make sense to suggest that the estimate by earlier scholars was
"intentional," or done on purpose, while the one by Salazar’s team wasn’t; the text indicates that Salazar and her colleagues
were deliberately using radiocarbon dating to study Machu Picchu.~independent#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. The text’s structure indicates that
the missing word describes the estimate made by scholars when they first encountered Machu Picchu in 1911 in relation to
the age determined by Salazar and her colleagues. There’s no reason to suggest that the estimate by earlier scholars was
"independent," or not controlled by or affiliated with others, while the one by Salazar’s team wasn’t; there’s no mention of any
outside influence on the work by Salazar and her team or by scholars in 1911.~=original#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the dating of Machu Picchu. In this
context, "original" means first or initial. The text indicates that Lucy Salazar and her colleagues have determined the age of
Machu Picchu and that the age differs from another estimate of the site’s age, explaining that the site is about 20 years older
than scholars thought in 1911 when they initially encountered Machu Picchu. In other words, Salazar and her team found
that the site’s age differs from the first estimate.}

Question 16 - 7a327791

Novelist Leon Forrest admired William Faulkner’s writing style. Forrest’s novel Divine Days contains a long passage in tribute
to Faulkner that is a perfect ______ of Faulkner’s style: anyone familiar with Faulkner’s writing would see the resemblance.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~forgetting#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context, a "forgetting" would mean an instance in which something is overlooked or not
remembered. The text emphasizes Forrest’s admiration for Faulkner’s style and the fact that Forrest’s writing in some
instances closely resembles Faulkner’s stylistically. It therefore wouldn’t make sense to say that in trying to pay tribute to
Faulkner’s style, Forrest failed to remember it.~rejection#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this context, a "rejection" would mean a
dismissal of something as unworthy. The text emphasizes Forrest’s admiration for Faulkner’s writing style, stating that parts
of Forrest’s writings indicate efforts to copy that style. It wouldn’t make sense therefore to suggest that Forrest had rejected
or dismissed Faulkner’s style as unworthy.~=imitation#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of novelist Leon Forrest’s admiration
of William Faulkner’s writing style. In this context, "imitation" means something that resembles or reproduces something
else. The text states that Forrest admired Faulkner’s style and that anyone familiar with Faulkner’s style would be able to see
the stylistic similarities between a particular passage in Forrest’s novel Divine Days and Faulkner’s writing, a fact that
supports the idea that Forrest’s novel pays tribute to Faulkner by reproducing, or imitating, Faulkner’s style.~opinion#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this context, an "opinion" would mean a view or
judgment. Although the text focuses on Forrest’s admiration of Faulkner, which suggests that Forrest had formed a positive
judgment of Faulkner’s style, the word opinion wouldn’t make sense in this sentence: the sentence doesn’t say that the
passage from Forrest’s novel expresses his view of Faulkner’s style; rather, it suggests that stylistically, the passage closely
resembles, or imitates, Faulkner’s writing.}

Question 17 - 0ee67e09

Anthropologist Kristian J. Carlson and colleagues examined the fossilized clavicle and shoulder bones of a 3.6-million-yearold early hominin known as “Little Foot.” They found that these bones were ______ the clavicle and shoulder bones of modern
apes that are frequent climbers, such as gorillas and chimpanzees, suggesting that Little Foot had adapted to life in the
trees.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~surpassed by#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because if the fossilized bones of Little Foot were “surpassed by,” or exceeded by or made inferior to,
the bones of modern apes that are frequent climbers, it wouldn’t suggest, as the text says, that Little Foot was adapted to
moving around in trees. If anything, learning that Little Foot’s clavicle and shoulder bones were surpassed by those of
chimpanzees and gorillas would suggest that Little Foot was poorly adapted to climbing.~=comparable to#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the fossilized bones of the hominin
known as Little Foot. As used in this context, “comparable to” would mean similar to. The text indicates that the relationship
between the fossilized clavicle and shoulder bones of Little Foot and the clavicle and shoulder bones of “frequent climbers,”
such as chimpanzees and gorillas, suggests that Little Foot had adapted to moving around in trees. This context suggests
that the relationship between the fossilized bones of Little Foot and the bones of chimpanzees and gorillas is one of
similarity—the Little Foot fossils are likely comparable to the modern ape bones.~independent of#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because if
Little Foot’s fossilized clavicle and shoulder bones were “independent of,” or not influenced by or affiliated with, the bones of
modern apes that climb often, it wouldn’t suggest, as the text says, that Little Foot was adapted to moving around in
trees.~obtained from#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text indicates that Little Foot’s fossilized bones date to 3.6 million years ago, so they
couldn’t have been “obtained from,” or acquired from, the bones of modern apes.}

Question 18 - 760ee1db

Although the playwrights hoped that their play would be ______ when performed live, critics generally agreed that the
production and performances had the opposite effect, wearying audiences instead of energizing them.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~multifaceted#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because there’s no information in the text suggesting that the playwrights hoped live performances of
the play would be “multifaceted,” or be varied or have many aspects. The text indicates that critics found the play to be
wearying to audiences and that this was the opposite of what the playwrights hoped for. Multifaceted is not the opposite of
wearying, but rousing is, which suggests that the playwrights hoped the play would be rousing.~realistic#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because
there’s no information in the text suggesting that the playwrights hoped live performances of the play would be “realistic,” or
lifelike or sensible. The text says that critics found the play to be wearying to audiences and that this was the opposite of
what the playwrights hoped for. Realistic is not the opposite of wearying, but rousing is, which suggests that the playwrights
hoped the play would be rousing.~=rousing#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the play’s effect on audiences. As
used in this context, “rousing” means exciting or energizing. The text indicates that critics found the play to have “the
opposite effect” on audiences of what the playwrights hoped for. The critics, the text says, thought the play was wearying
rather than energizing to viewers. This context supports the idea that the playwrights hoped live performances of the play
would be energizing, or rousing, to audiences.~subtle#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because there’s no information in the text suggesting that the
playwrights hoped live performances of the play would be subtle, or complex or understated. The text says that critics found
the play to be wearying to audiences and that this was the opposite of what the playwrights hoped for. Subtle is not the
opposite of wearying, but rousing is, which suggests that the playwrights hoped the play would be rousing.}

Question 19 - 417f8dfa

The following text is from Darcie Little Badger’s 2021 novel A Snake Falls to Earth. Nina is looking at old family photographs.
Nina couldn’t stop looking at the sepia-toned photograph in an oak frame. Propped on the window ledge, it featured a
portrait of Great-Great-Grandmother Rosita as a young woman.
©2021 by Darcie Little Badger
As used in the text, what does the word “featured” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Displayed#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, "featured" most nearly means displayed. The text describes Nina’s
fascination with a framed photograph. It then goes on to describe what the photograph showed, or displayed, which is a
portrait of Nina’s great-great-grandmother Rosita as a young woman. Thus, the text indicates that the photograph displayed a
portrait of Rosita.~Questioned#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text identifies the person shown in the photograph as Nina’s great-great-grandmother; it
gives no indication that the contents of the photograph were questioned, or asked about.~Approved#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because
approved means expressed a favorable opinion of, and there’s nothing to suggest that the photograph of Nina’s great-greatgrandmother has received approval or been viewed favorably, only that Nina is unable to stop looking at it. Choice D is
incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that the photograph Nina is fascinated with ignored, or refused to take notice
of, Nina’s great-great-grandmother Rosita. Rather, the text indicates that the photograph was a portrait of Rosita.~Ignored#No explanation provided.}

Question 20 - 9d73c9eb

Osage Nation citizen Randy Tinker-Smith produced and directed the ballet Wahzhazhe, which vividly chronicles Osage
history and culture. Telling Osage stories through ballet is ______ choice because two of the foremost ballet dancers of the
twentieth century were Osage: sisters Maria and Marjorie Tallchief. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=a suitable#Correct. Choice A is the best answer. “Suitable” means “appropriate for a particular purpose.” Since the text indicates that two of the
best ballet dancers of the twentieth century were Osage, we can infer that the author believes that ballet is a very suitable
artform for telling Osage stories.~a determined#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. The text never suggests that Tinker-Smith’s choice was determined. That would imply that TinkerSmith initially faced some kind of obstacle or opposition, and nothing like that is mentioned in the passage. Choice C is
incorrect. The text implies the opposite of this. “Arbitrary” means “based on random choice or whim rather than reason.” But
the text does give us a good reason behind the choice to tell Osage stories through ballet: two of the best ballet dancers of
the twentieth century were Osage.~an arbitrary#No explanation provided.~an unpredictable#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. The text never suggests that Tinker-Smith’s choice was
“unpredictable.” Rather, the fact that two of the best ballet dancers of the twentieth century were Osage makes ballet
especially appropriate for telling Osage stories.}

Question 21 - 8d579825

The printing of Virginia Woolf’s novels featured a creative ______ between Woolf and her sister Vanessa Bell: a talented
painter, Bell worked closely with Woolf to create original cover art for most of the novels.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~rebellion#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because there is no indication that Woolf or Bell were undergoing a “rebellion,” or revolt, against
anything in particular. Instead, the text focuses on how they worked together in some aspects of the production of Woolf’s
novels.~=partnership#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the cover art of Virginia Woolf’s
novels. In this context, “partnership” means collaboration or joint effort. The text states that Woolf’s sister Vanessa Bell was
a talented painter and that Bell worked with Woolf to provide the cover art for most of Woolf’s novels. Thus, this context
suggests that Woolf and Bell pursued a creative partnership in order to produce several of Woolf’s novels.~discovery#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because there is nothing in the text to indicate that Woolf or Bell made a “discovery,” or
encountered anything new for the first time as they worked together. The text suggests that Woolf had already written her
novels and that Bell then assisted Woolf with the cover art for many of them.~disagreement#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text implies
that Woolf and Bell had a positive relationship. According to the text, the sisters “worked closely” together to produce the
cover art for many of Woolf’s novels; the text doesn’t mention whether while working together, Woolf and Bell had a
“disagreement,” or conflict.}

Question 22 - 79dec1e1

Art scholars have noted that some colors seem to be more ______ viewers than others. For example, people tend to find
paintings featuring blues and greens more appealing than paintings featuring yellows and oranges.  
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~confusing for#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text indicates only that people tend to find some colors more appealing than others and
gives no indication that certain colors are ever "confusing for," or puzzling to, viewers.~=attractive to#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it best completes the text’s discussion of how viewers respond to colors. The text
presents something art scholars have noted and gives the example of people tending to find paintings with blues and greens
more appealing than those with yellows and oranges. This context conveys that certain colors are more "attractive to"
viewers than other colors are.~corrected by#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text
discusses the relative appeal of certain colors in paintings but gives no indication that any colors would ever be "corrected
by" viewers, or somehow fixed or improved by them.~similar to#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because it wouldn’t make much sense to say that
some colors are more "similar to" viewers than others, which would suggest that colors and viewers are alike to different
degrees. Further, the text primarily emphasizes a difference, not a similarity, in how appealing paintings tend to be based on
the colors they contain.}

Question 23 - bcc91b1e

The spacecraft OSIRIS-REx briefly made contact with the asteroid 101955 Bennu in 2020. NASA scientist Daniella
DellaGiustina reports that despite facing the unexpected obstacle of a surface mostly covered in boulders, OSIRIS-REx
successfully ______ a sample of the surface, gathering pieces of it to bring back to Earth.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~attached#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because in this context “attached” means connected or affixed. The text indicates that OSIRIS-REx
gathered pieces of 101955 Bennu to bring to Earth; it doesn’t suggest that the spacecraft attached anything to the asteroid.~=collected#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft’s contact
with the asteroid 101955 Bennu. In this context, “collected” means acquired and took away. The text indicates that although
the boulders on the asteroid’s surface caused some unforeseen problems, OSIRIS-REx was able to gather a sample to return
to Earth. This context suggests that OSIRIS-REx successfully collected a sample of 101955 Bennu.~followed#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context “followed” means tracked or traveled behind and the text discusses OSIRISREx’s brief encounter with 101955 Bennu during which the spacecraft gathered a sample to bring to Earth. The text doesn’t
suggest that the spacecraft tracked the sample, and it’s not clear what it would mean for the spacecraft to travel behind the
sample it collected.~replaced#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because in this context “replaced” means put back or returned. The text indicates
that OSIRIS-REx gathered pieces of 101955 Bennu to bring to Earth but doesn’t suggest that anything was returned to the
asteroid.}

Question 24 - 31d0bd9a

The parasitic dodder plant increases its reproductive success by flowering at the same time as the host plant it has latched
onto. In 2020, Jianqiang Wu and his colleagues determined that the tiny dodder achieves this ______ with its host by
absorbing and utilizing a protein the host produces when it is about to flower.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=synchronization#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of a relationship between the dodder
plant and its host plant. As used in this context, “synchronization” means the act of things happening at the same time. The
text indicates that the dodder and its host plant flower in unison and that this synchronization occurs because the dodder
makes use of a protein produced by the host shortly before flowering.~hibernation#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because referring to “hibernation,” or the state of being dormant or inactive, wouldn’t make sense in
context. The text focuses on something the dodder plant actively engages in—making use of a protein and producing
flowers.~prediction#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because stating that the dodder plant and its host engage together in “prediction,” or the act of
declaring or indicating something in advance, wouldn’t make sense in context. Rather than indicating that the dodder plant
and its host plant make a prediction about flowering activity, the text suggests that the host produces a protein as part of its
regular flowering process and that the dodder then absorbs and uses that protein to flower at the same time. Choice D is
incorrect because referring to “moderation,” or the act of causing something to become less intense or extreme, wouldn’t
make sense in context. Although the text states that the dodder plant absorbs and uses a protein made by its host plant, it
doesn’t suggest that the dodder lessens the host plant’s flowering activity; the two plants simply flower in unison.~moderation#No explanation provided.}

Question 25 - cf9a3f34

The following text is adapted from Elizabeth von Arnim’s 1922 novel The Enchanted April. Mrs. Wilkins and her friend Rose
are traveling in Italy.
“I’m going to have one of these gorgeous oranges,” said Mrs. Wilkins, staying where she was and reaching across to a
black bowl piled with them. “Rose, how can you resist them. Look—have this one. Do have this beauty—” And she held
out a big one.
As used in the text, what does the phrase “reaching across to” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~Joining with#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text never suggests that Mrs. Wilkins is joining with, or becoming attached to, the bowl of
oranges. Rather, the text indicates that she is stretching toward the bowl so she can pick out oranges for herself and her
friend Rose to eat.~Gaining on#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text never suggests that Mrs. Wilkins is gaining on, or overtaking in a
competition or race, the bowl of oranges. The text suggests instead that the bowl is sitting still on a surface and that Mrs.
Wilkins is extending her arm toward the bowl so she can pick out oranges for herself and her friend Rose to eat. Choice D is
incorrect because the text doesn’t indicate that Mrs. Wilkins is arriving at the bowl of oranges. In fact, the text states that
Mrs. Wilkins stays where she is when reaching across to the bowl, meaning that she remains at a distance from it.~=Stretching toward#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because as used in the text "reaching across to" most nearly means stretching toward. The text
begins with Mrs. Wilkins stating that she wants to have one of the oranges that she’s admiring. The text then indicates that
Mrs. Wilkins, staying where she is, holds out a big orange to her friend. This context suggests that when the text describes
Mrs. Wilkins as reaching across to the bowl of oranges, it means that she is stretching toward the bowl.~Arriving at#No explanation provided.}

Question 26 - 47955354

Sumerian civilization (which lasted from around 3300 to 2000 BCE) ______ many concepts that persist into present-day
civilizations: for example, the first description of the seven-day week appears in the Sumerian Epic of Gilgamesh.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~transformed#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that the Sumerian civilization “transformed,” or changed the
nature of, concepts that persist into present-day civilizations. Instead, the text’s presentation of a Sumerian literary work that
contains the first description of the seven-day week is an example of the phenomenon described in the first half of the
sentence, suggesting that the Sumerians invented many concepts that still persist.~=introduced#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the contributions of the Sumerian
civilization. In this context, “introduced” means brought into practice or use. The text states that the first reference to a
seven-day week appears in the Sumerian Epic of Gilgamesh. The text presents this information about the seven-day week as
an example of a concept introduced by the Sumerian civilization that persists into present-day civilizations.~inherited#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the
information that a Sumerian literary work includes the first description of the seven-day week suggests that Sumerian
civilization may have originated the seven-day week and other concepts that persist into present-day civilizations, not that it
“inherited” the concepts, or received them from an ancestral figure or culture.~overlooked#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the information
that Sumerian civilization produced the first description of the seven-day week is presented as an example of the
phenomenon described in the first half of the sentence, suggesting that Sumerian civilization originated this and other
concepts that still persist, not that the Sumerians “overlooked,” or failed to notice or consider, such concepts.}

Question 27 - a3761c7e

Physicist Joseph Weber performed ______ work in gravitational wave research in the 1960s and 1970s, conducting key
experiments that scientists later used as the basis for their own investigations that led to the first verified detection of a
gravitational wave in 2015.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=foundational#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of physicist Joseph Webster’s
research on gravitational waves. In this context “foundational” means the basis on which something else develops. The text
indicates that Webster’s experiments in the 1960s and 1970s were earlier than, and “key” to, the work of later scientists in
the field; thus, Webster’s work was foundational to the later scientists’ experiments and the eventual detection of a
gravitational wave in 2015.~supplementary#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text does not suggest that Webster’s work was supplementary, or an additional element of
an existing, larger project, but rather it was “the basis for” later experiments.~repetitive#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text does not
assert that Webster’s work was repetitive, or involved doing something the same way many times. Rather, the text indicates
that Webster’s work formed the basis for later investigations in the field of gravitational wave research.~ineffective#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect
because the text does not state that Webster’s work was ineffective, or failed to produce the desired outcome. Rather, the
text strongly implies that Webster’s work was productive and extremely important to later work in the field of gravitational
wave research.}

Question 28 - 80ebb189

As an architect in Los Angeles in the 1950s, Helen Liu Fong became known for avoiding ______ designs in her buildings.
Instead of using standard shapes and colors, she typically explored innovative forms and daring hues.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~creative#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text indicates that Fong’s work is innovative and experimental. Thus, Fong’s design
choices could reasonably be considered creative, or original. She likely would have pursued creative designs, not avoided
them.~bold#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text indicates that Fong used “daring” hues in her designs. Thus, Fong likely would
have pursued bold, or brave and vivid design choices; she wouldn’t have avoided them.~=traditional#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Helen Liu Fong’s architectural
designs. In this context, “traditional” means conventional. The text states that rather than use “standard shapes and colors,”
Fong pursued “innovative” and “daring” design choices in her work. Fong’s style is depicted as inventive, so it therefore
makes sense in this context that she avoided mainstream, traditional designs in her buildings.~understandable#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text
doesn’t address whether Fong’s designs are understandable, or reasonable or expected. The text focuses on certain
characteristics of Fong’s designs, not on how people received or understood them.}

Question 29 - b940952c

On the basis of extensive calculations and models, astronomers in the 1990s predicted that the collision of two neutron
stars or a neutron star and a black hole could release a massive burst of gamma rays in an event called a kilonova. This
______ was confirmed with observations in 2017. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=theory#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of a prediction about a kilonova. In this
context, a "theory" is an explanation that is considered scientifically acceptable. The text states that astronomers predicted
in the 1990s that a collision between a black hole and a neutron star or between two neutron stars could release a massive
gamma ray burst called a kilonova, explaining that they determined this possibility based on their extensive work with
existing data and simulations ("calculations and models"). In other words, the prediction was a theory—a well-supported
explanation—that, as the text indicates, was later confirmed with observations in 2017.~evidence#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text indicates that it is the prediction made by astronomers in the 1990s that was
confirmed in 2017, and a prediction of an event isn’t "evidence," or proof, of that event’s existence, even when the prediction
is based on extensive study. Further, there would be no need for later confirmation of something that was already recognized
as evidence.~constant#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context, a "constant" is a situation or factor that doesn’t change. The text
indicates that it is the prediction made by astronomers in the 1990s that was confirmed in 2017, and there is no reason to
describe the prediction as a constant because the text doesn’t suggest that the prediction was completely unchanged over
time—it addresses only the making of the prediction and its later confirmation.~experiment#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text
indicates that it is the prediction made by astronomers in the 1990s that was confirmed in 2017; although a prediction might
be informed by an "experiment," or a controlled test, a prediction is an idea rather than a test.}

Question 30 - 683f66c9

Though not closely related, the hedgehog tenrecs of Madagascar share basic ______ true hedgehogs, including protective
spines, pointed snouts, and small body size—traits the two groups of mammals independently developed in response to
equivalent roles in their respective habitats.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~examples of#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text doesn’t suggest that hedgehog tenrecs are "examples of," or representative of, true
hedgehogs. The text states that despite some shared physical traits, the two groups of mammals aren’t closely related;
therefore, hedgehog tenrecs can’t be examples of true hedgehogs.~concerns about#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this context, "concerns
about" would mean worries about or interests in. The text focuses on the various physical traits that hedgehog tenrecs and
true hedgehogs share. There’s nothing in the text to suggest why hedgehog tenrecs would be worried about true hedgehogs,
or why they would be interested in them.~indications of#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context, "indications of" would mean evidence
of. By listing a set of traits that hedgehog tenrecs share with true hedgehogs, the text establishes a comparison between the
two groups of mammals, and saying that the traits shared within one group of mammals provide evidence of another group
of mammals wouldn’t be an effective way to establish the similarities between the two groups.~=similarities with#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because in context, sharing "similarities with" means having some resemblance to. The text
establishes a comparison between two groups of mammals, stating that although they aren’t closely related, hedgehog
tenrecs and true hedgehogs play similar roles in their habitats, a circumstance that has resulted in the independent
development of some of the same physical traits. This context supports the idea that hedgehog tenrecs resemble, or share
basic similarities with, true hedgehogs in some respects.}

Question 31 - 10a409bd

The following text is adapted from Ida B. Wells’s 1970 autobiography A Crusade for Justice. Mr. Watts is a reference to
George Frederic Watts, an English painter.
[Manchester’s] art galleries are so arranged that the name of every picture is plainly seen and one has no need of a
catalogue to pick out the name and the artist. This is a convenience to the general public, which other art galleries,
which shall be nameless, might copy to advantage. To her treasure of art Manchester has added Mr. Watts’ latest
picture, the Good Samaritan.
©1970 by the University of Chicago Press
As used in the text, what does the word “arranged” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Organized#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, "arranged" most nearly means "organized." The text states that a
welcome feature of Manchester’s art galleries (as opposed to others) is that the titles of the paintings are easy to see and
that a catalogue is therefore unneeded while visitors browse the art galleries. This suggests that the paintings are displayed
in a systematic, or organized, way.~Ranked#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. "Ranked" might mean either classified or placed in orderly rows. Neither of these meanings would
necessarily imply that the names of the paintings are easy to see (even if the paintings are placed in rows, their labels might
be obscured).~Scheduled#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because it would not make sense in context to describe the paintings as "scheduled," or
planned to take place at a certain time.~Discussed#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because if the paintings were "discussed," or talked about, this
would have no bearing on whether the names of the paintings could be easily seen.}

Question 32 - b0ea8c28

Sueño de Familia is an exhibition of drawings, paintings, and ceramics that explores the artistic heritage of US-based artist
Yolanda González. The exhibition ______ five generations, featuring works by González’s great-grandfather, grandmother,
mother, and niece as well as González herself. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~borrows#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense to say that the exhibition “borrows,” or acquires, five generations of
González’s family. The text indicates that the exhibition features artwork by family members from five generations, not that
the five generations themselves have been acquired for inclusion in the exhibition.~=spans#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the Sueño de Familia art exhibition.
In this context, “spans” means extends across or covers. The text states that the exhibition explores González’s artistic
heritage and features artwork by her great-grandfather, grandmother, mother, and niece. This context conveys the idea that
the exhibition spans, or extends across, five generations of González’s family.~judges#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text
indicates that the purpose of the exhibition is to highlight artwork, not to “judge,” or give an opinion on, five generations of the
artist’s family.~neglects#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text doesn’t suggest that the exhibition “neglects,” or gives little attention to,
five generations of González’s family. On the contrary, the text indicates that the exhibition is dedicated to exploring
González’s artistic heritage and therefore designed to bring attention to her family members and their artwork.}

Question 33 - e5e7f264

The general store was essential to daily life in the rural United States during the 1800s because it provided the supplies that
the people living in nearby communities needed. Also, the store was a ______ of information. People socializing at the
general store would share news and help spread it throughout their communities.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=source#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the role of the general store in US
rural communities during the 1800s. In this context, "source" means a place where something originates or is obtained. The
text states that people would share news while socializing at the general store. This context supports the idea that the store
served as a source of information in rural communities.~rival#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because "rival" would mean competitor or opponent. The text doesn’t indicate that the general store
was a rival of anything. Instead, the text describes the general store as a place that enabled the sharing of information within
rural communities.~condition#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because in this context, "condition" would mean state, circumstance, or
requirement. Although the text implies that visiting the store was helpful for acquiring information since people shared news
there, it wouldn’t make sense to say that the general store was a condition of information.~waste#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because
"waste" would mean something that is unused, discarded, or spent unnecessarily, which would not make sense in context.
The text describes the general store as an essential part of daily life and a place for socializing and information sharing. The
store was therefore a source, not a waste, of information.}

Question 34 - 0d402146

US traffic signals didn’t always contain the familiar three lights (red, yellow, and green). Traffic lights only ______ red and
green lights until the three-light traffic signal was developed in the 1920s.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~avoided#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because “avoided” means kept away from someone or something or prevented something from
occurring, neither of which would make sense in context. The text doesn’t discuss keeping away from someone or
something but instead focuses on what US traffic signals look like. The text states that they didn’t have lights of three
different colors until the three-light signal was developed in the 1920s.~=featured#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of traffic signals. As used in this
context, “featured” means had as a characteristic or part. The text indicates that although US traffic signals have lights of
three different colors (red, yellow, and green), this wasn’t the case until the 1920s, when the three-light signal was first
developed. Before then, the text suggests, traffic signals had fewer lights (as indicated by the word “only” in the second
sentence). This context supports the idea that before the 1920s, traffic signals featured only red and green lights.~appreciated#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because “appreciated” means
admired or increased in value, neither of which would make sense in context. The text focuses solely on the fact that US
traffic signals have contained lights of three colors only since the three-light signal was developed in the 1920s. The text
doesn’t mention how this characteristic or traffic signals in general are perceived or what their value is. Moreover, the blank
portion of the text describes “traffic signals,” which are lifeless objects and therefore unable to admire or increase the value
of something.~disregarded#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because “disregarded” means ignored or treated something as unworthy of notice,
neither of which would make sense in context. The text doesn’t discuss how people react to traffic signals; rather, it
addresses the idea that US traffic signals have contained lights of three colors only since the three-light signal was
developed in the 1920s. Moreover, the blank portion of the text describes “traffic signals,” which are lifeless objects and
therefore unable to ignore or treat something in a particular manner.}

Question 35 - 8a47383f

The National Heritage Fellowship was created to publicly ______ exceptional folk and traditional artists in the United States.
In 2015, the fellowship was given to the circus aerialist (mid-air acrobat) Dolly Jacobs to celebrate her lifetime contributions
to the arts.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~startle#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because "startle" would mean alarm or surprise, and there’s nothing in the text to suggest that Jacobs
and other artists who received the National Heritage Fellowship didn’t expect to receive it or were alarmed by it. It therefore
wouldn’t make sense to say the fellowship was created to publicly alarm or surprise exceptional artists.~=recognize#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the purpose of the National
Heritage Fellowship. In this context, "recognize" means acknowledge or honor someone officially for their achievements. The
text states that the fellowship was created for "exceptional folk and traditional artists." It then provides an example of one
recipient of the fellowship, circus aerialist Dolly Jacobs, who was given the fellowship "to celebrate her lifetime contributions
to the arts." The fact that the fellowship is given to celebrate exceptional artists for their achievements therefore suggests
that its purpose is to publicly honor, or recognize, them.~familiarize#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect
because in this context, "familiarize" would mean make known or familiar, but the text gives no indication that Jacobs or
other recipients of the National Heritage Fellowship were unknown or unfamiliar before receiving the fellowship or that the
fellowship was intended to make them familiar to the public. In fact, the text describes recipients as "exceptional" and notes
that Jacobs received the award "to celebrate her lifetime contributions to the arts," both of which suggest that Jacobs and
other recipients were already well known in the arts world.~convey#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because "convey" would mean either
transport or communicate something, neither of which would be logical in this context. The fellowship doesn’t transport
artists, and though the process of awarding the fellowship might communicate something about the artists to the general
public, it would be illogical to state that the fellowship communicates the artists themselves. Rather, the fellowship honors
artists for their contributions.}

Question 36 - a4f50d30

Scientists previously thought that all electric eels belong to a single species, but a team of researchers led by zoologist C.
David de Santana proved this idea wrong by ______ that there are in fact three distinct species of electric eels. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~pretending#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. Pretending that there are three species of electric eel might be a fun game for marine biologists, but it
wouldn’t prove the existence of more than one species.~complaining#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Complaining won’t prove anything about eels,
so de Santana could not have proved wrong the idea of only one species of electric eel by complaining about it. Choice C is
incorrect. “Requiring” means “needing.” It wouldn’t make sense to say that de Santana “needed” there to be three distinct
species of electric eel.~requiring#No explanation provided.~=demonstrating#Correct. Choice D is the best answer. “Demonstrating” means “showing,” and the text describes how de Santana disproved a previous
belief in only one species of electric eel by showing that three electric eel species actually exist.}

Question 37 - fa7a89f1

Studying how workload affects productivity, Maryam Kouchaki and colleagues found that people who chose to do relatively
easy tasks first were less ______ compared to those who did hard tasks first. Finishing easy tasks gave participants a sense
of accomplishment, but those who tackled hard tasks first actually became more skilled and productive workers over time.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~secretive#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that workers who do easy tasks first are less “secretive,”
or uncommunicative or silent, than those who do hard tasks first. Rather, the text suggests that people are less skillful or
efficient if they tackle easy tasks before the hard ones.~=efficient#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion about Kouchaki and colleagues’
research into how workload affects productivity. In context, “efficient” means effective or well organized. The text indicates
that, according to Kouchaki and colleagues’ research, people who worked on hard tasks first were “more skilled and
productive” than those who did easy tasks first. This context conveys the idea that despite their sense of accomplishment,
the people who chose to do the easy tasks first were less efficient or productive than those who tackled hard tasks first.~outgoing#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because “outgoing” means openly friendly,
which wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text focuses on Kouchaki and colleagues’ research in which people who
worked on hard tasks first were “more skilled and productive” than those who did easy tasks first and were therefore less
efficient.~unsympathetic#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because there’s nothing in the text to suggest that workers who do easy tasks first are less
“unsympathetic,” or insensitive or unkind, than those who do hard tasks first. Rather, the text suggests that people are less
skillful or efficient if they tackle easy tasks before the hard ones.}

Question 38 - faa5696c

Arturo A. Schomburg was dedicated to preserving books, art, and other materials from peoples of African descent around
the world. To get these items, Schomburg ______ friends and colleagues, whom he asked to bring back rare and valuable
objects from their international travels. Now, Schomburg’s collection is a valuable resource for scholars of Black history and
culture.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~admired#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because “admired” means respected and approved of. Although it’s reasonable to expect that
Schomburg respected his friends and colleagues, the text doesn’t discuss any such aspect of their relationships. The text
focuses instead on what Schomburg asked his friends and colleagues to do to help build his collection.~disagreed with#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect
because “disagreed with” means held an opposing belief, and nothing in the text suggests that Schomburg and his friends or
colleagues held opposing views on any subject. In fact, the text strongly implies that Schomburg’s friends and colleagues
supported him in his goal of preserving objects of importance for Black history and culture by bringing him such objects
from around the world.~warned#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because “warned” means informed someone in advance about something
dangerous, which wouldn’t make sense in this context. Nothing in the text suggests that Schomburg thought his friends and
colleagues were in any danger, let alone that he warned them of danger.~=depended on#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Arturo A. Schomburg’s collection. In
this context, the phrase “depended on” means relied on. The text explains that Schomburg, wanting to preserve “books, art,
and other materials” created by peoples of African descent from around the world, built a large collection of these objects.
The text also states that in order to obtain these items, Schomburg asked friends and colleagues who were traveling
internationally to bring them back for him. This implies that he wouldn’t have been able to create his collection without help.
Thus, the context supports the idea that Schomburg relied on, or depended on, friends and colleagues to build his collection.}

Question 39 - d8d33cc5

The early British postal system required the cost of mail delivery to be paid upon receipt, a system which encouraged
inventive strategies by the intended recipient to avoid payment. To improve this system, ______ were proposed in 1837,
including the use of a postage stamp, a small receipt pasted to the mail indicating that delivery costs had been paid by the
sender.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~investigations#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect. In this context, "investigations" most nearly means attempts to understand something. And although it
is plausible that an attempt to improve the postal system would involve investigations, nothing in the text provides a logical
basis for understanding the example of changes like affixing stamps to letters as an investigation.~expansions#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. In
this context, "expansions" most nearly means additions to something. Although the text indicates that some new policies
were adopted, nothing in the text suggests that the overall number of policies increased, which expansions would seem to
entail.~=reforms#Correct. Choice C is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the early British postal system. In
this context, "reforms" most nearly means attempts at improving something. The text indicates that the pay-upon-delivery
postage method led to fee avoidance on the part of recipients. It then says that action was taken to improve the postal
system, giving examples such as the move to having the sender pay and affixing stamps to indicate payment had been
received. These represent revisions to the system intended to improve its functioning; therefore, "reforms" most logically
completes the text.~possessions#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. In this context, "possessions" most nearly means items of personal property or things that
otherwise belong to, or are part of, something. The text provides no logical context for understanding changes like affixing
stamps to letters as possessions.}

Question 40 - 49bbe4d7

For painter Jacob Lawrence, being ______ was an important part of the artistic process. Because he paid close attention to
all the details of his Harlem neighborhood, Lawrence’s artwork captured nuances in the beauty and vitality of the Black
experience during the Harlem Renaissance and the Great Migration.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~skeptical#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text gives no indication that Lawrence was “skeptical,” or had an attitude of doubt in
general or about particular things, let alone that skepticism was important to him as an artist. Rather than indicating that he
was skeptical, the text focuses on how Lawrence paid careful attention to everything around him and reflected his
observations in his artwork.~=observant#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Jacob Lawrence’s artistic process.
In this context, “observant” means watchful and perceptive. The text emphasizes that the “close attention” Lawrence paid to
“all the details” of his neighborhood allowed him to reflect subtle elements of “the beauty and vitality of the Black
experience” in his artwork. This context indicates that being observant of his surroundings was an important part of
Lawrence’s work as an artist.~critical#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text gives no indication that Lawrence was “critical,” which in
this context would mean inclined to criticize harshly or unfairly. Rather than indicating that Lawrence found fault in things,
the text suggests that he paid careful attention to everything around him and that his artwork reflects this careful attention.~confident#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text doesn’t suggest that Lawrence was “confident,” or self-assured. Rather than
addressing how Lawrence felt about himself and how that feeling affected his artistic process, the text emphasizes the
careful attention Lawrence paid to everything around him—attention that allowed him to capture subtle elements of a
particular place and time in his artwork.}

Question 41 - f6d1f735

Researchers have struggled to pinpoint specific causes for hiccups, which happen when a person’s diaphragm contracts
______. However, neuroscientist Kimberley Whitehead has found that these uncontrollable contractions may play an
important role in helping infants regulate their breathing.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=involuntarily#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of diaphragm contractions and
hiccups. In this context, “involuntarily” means done without any control, or by reflex. The text explains that when a person’s
diaphragm repeatedly contracts and results in hiccups (which may be beneficial for infants), those muscle contractions are
“uncontrollable.” This context indicates that the diaphragm contractions occur without the person’s control.~beneficially#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because it wouldn’t support the logical relationship established in the text’s discussion of diaphragm
contractions and hiccups. The text indicates that although specific causes for hiccups haven’t been identified, it may be the
case that the muscle contractions that occur have an important purpose in infants. It wouldn’t make sense to say that even
though the contractions occur “beneficially,” or with a good or helpful effect, they might play a positive role in infants’
breathing regulation.~strenuously#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text indicates that the diaphragm contractions that result in hiccups
are “uncontrollable.” Because those muscle contractions are described as happening automatically and without the person’s
control, it wouldn’t make sense to describe them as occurring “strenuously,” or in a way that requires great effort or energy.~smoothly#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text doesn’t describe the quality of the diaphragm contractions that result in hiccups
beyond stating that they are “uncontrollable.” Nothing in the text indicates that those muscle contractions occur “smoothly,”
or evenly and continuously.}

Question 42 - 01de46bb

The Menominee and Anishinaabe peoples have been growing wild rice—known as manoomin in the Ojibwe language—in the
Great Lakes region of North America for centuries, but climatic changes are causing lakes to get deeper, thereby threatening
wild rice. These plants are extremely ______ to water depth during the “floating leaf” stage of development, and if the water is
too deep, the buoyancy of the young wild-rice plants can literally uproot them from the lake bottom, destroying them.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~immune#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because "immune" means protected or shielded, which wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text
explains that deep water can cause young wild-rice plants to become uprooted and destroyed, indicating that these plants
are harmed by deep water, not protected from it.~=sensitive#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of wild rice. As used in this context,
"sensitive" means vulnerable or easily affected. The text indicates that climate change is causing the lakes to get deeper,
which consequently threatens the wild rice that grows in the area. The text goes on to state that deep water can cause young
wild-rice plants to uproot from the bottom of the lake. This context supports the idea that the plants are sensitive to water
depth during early stages of development.~limited#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because "limited" means confined or restrained, which
wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text explains that water depth can negatively affect young wild-rice plants but
doesn’t suggest that water depth limits or restrains the plants.~receptive#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because "receptive" means open or
tolerant, which wouldn’t make sense in this context. The text doesn’t indicate that the wild-rice plants are open to or tolerant
of an increase in water depth but rather the opposite: an increase in water depth can harm young wild-rice plants.}

Question 43 - aa7ae735

The following text is adapted from Mohsin Hamid’s 2017 novel Exit West. Saeed lives with his mother and father.
On cloudless nights after a daytime rain, Saeed’s father would sometimes bring out the telescope, and the family would sip
green tea on their balcony, enjoying a breeze, and take turns to look up at objects whose light, often, had been emitted before
any of these three viewers had been born—light from other centuries, only now reaching Earth.
©2017 by Mohsin Hamid
As used in the text, what does the word “reaching” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Arriving at#Correct. Choice A is the best answer. The word "reaching" in this text means "to arrive" at Earth. Before, the light had been traveling
across space; now, it had arrived at Earth.~Consulting with#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. "Consulting with" means "seeking advice or information from someone." Light is not alive, so it can’t
consult with Earth.~Running to#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. It’s confusing to say that starlight is "only now running to Earth," both because light
doesn’t literally "run" and because the text is describing the moment the light touches Earth, not the period of time when it’s
traveling to Earth.~Clinging to#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. This might be tempting, as "clinging to" has a connotation of "sticking to." It wouldn’t
make sense to say that the light was "only now" clinging to Earth.}

Question 44 - a7991da1

A unique dialect, or regional variety, of Spanish is spoken in Puerto Rico. It contains many words borrowed from the
language of the Taínos, the Indigenous people of Puerto Rico. African languages also made important contributions to the
Puerto Rican dialect. For example, the way certain vowel sounds are pronounced in it can be ______ to how they are
pronounced in Yoruba, a West African language.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=traced#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the origins of the unique dialect of
Spanish spoken in Puerto Rico. In this context, "traced" means tracked back to. The text notes that the regional variety of
Spanish spoken in Puerto Rico has its roots in the language of the Taínos and in the West African language of Yoruba. This
context supports the idea that the way certain vowel sounds are pronounced in the Puerto Rican dialect can be traced back
to Yoruba.~surrendered#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text presents the statement about the relationship between vowel pronunciation in the
Puerto Rican dialect of Spanish and in Yoruba as an example to support the claim that African languages have contributed
to the Puerto Rican dialect. It therefore wouldn’t make sense to say that the pronunciation of certain vowel sounds in the
Puerto Rican dialect can be "surrendered," or handed over on demand, to the pronunciation in Yoruba.~announced#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect
because the text gives no indication that the way certain vowel sounds are pronounced in the Puerto Rican dialect of
Spanish has been "announced," or officially declared or proclaimed. According to the text, elements of the dialect have been
inherited or borrowed from African languages, and the relationship between the pronunciation of certain vowels in the
Puerto Rican dialect and in Yoruba is an example of this inheritance, suggesting that the pronunciation in the Puerto Rican
dialect can be traced to Yoruba.~offered#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text presents the statement about the relationship
between vowel pronunciation in the Puerto Rican dialect of Spanish and in Yoruba as an example to support the claim that
African languages have contributed to the Puerto Rican dialect. It therefore wouldn’t make sense to say that the
pronunciation of certain vowel sounds in the Puerto Rican dialect can be "offered," or presented as a gift, to the
pronunciation in Yoruba.}

Question 45 - 84a7fbca

When Mexican-American archaeologist Zelia Maria Magdalena Nuttall published her 1886 research paper on sculptures
found at the ancient Indigenous city of Teotihuacan in present-day Mexico, other researchers readily ______ her work as
groundbreaking; this recognition stemmed from her convincing demonstration that the sculptures were much older than had
previously been thought.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=acknowledged#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Nuttall’s 1886 research paper. In
this context, “acknowledged” means recognized as having a certain status. The text indicates that other researchers
recognized Nuttall’s work as groundbreaking because of its “convincing demonstration” related to the age of the ancient
sculptures. In other words, the researchers recognized the groundbreaking status of Nuttall’s work.~ensured#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because in this context, “ensured” would mean to have guaranteed or made sure something was the
case. The text states that other researchers gave Nuttall’s work recognition after it was published, but there’s no indication
that they contributed to the work or had any involvement that would have allowed them to make sure the work would be
groundbreaking.~denied#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because the text doesn’t suggest that other researchers “denied,” or refused to admit
or accept, that Nuttall’s work was groundbreaking; on the contrary, it indicates that researchers praised the work, recognizing
it as groundbreaking due to its “convincing demonstration” related to the age of the ancient sculptures.~underestimated#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect
because the text doesn’t suggest that other researchers “underestimated,” or undervalued, Nuttall’s work; on the contrary, it
indicates that researchers praised the work, recognizing it as groundbreaking due to its “convincing demonstration” related
to the age of the ancient sculptures.}

Question 46 - 5179fd36

Urban planning expert Francisco Lara-Valencia and colleagues have argued that managing environmental matters along the
US-Mexico border ______ coordination between the two countries’ governments. Since ecosystems extend across the border,
actions taken on one side can have environmental effects on the other side, making international cooperation essential. 
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~=requires#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of environmental management along
the US and Mexican border. In this context, "requires" means needs in order to perform a task. The text indicates that
because ecosystems span the border, actions taken by the government on one side of the border can affect the environment
in the nation on the other side of the border, which makes international cooperation crucial. In other words, because actions
on one side of the US and Mexican border can affect the other side of the border, managing environmental matters along the
border requires coordination between the two governments.~praises#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because "praises" in this context would mean to express a favorable judgment, but the text doesn’t
describe approval expressed by anyone, and it wouldn’t make sense to say that environmental management itself praises
intergovernmental coordination.~reports#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. In this context, "reports" would mean gives an account. Although
coordination between the US and Mexican governments likely would involve some sort of reporting, the text doesn’t describe
any such practice.~advises#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. In this context, "advises" would mean recommends a course of action, and although
governments can advise one another, it wouldn’t make sense to say that environmental management itself makes
recommendations.}

Question 47 - 428cd2c1

Some people have speculated that two helmets with attached horns discovered in Denmark in 1942 belonged to Vikings, but
scholars have long been skeptical. Archaeologist Helle Vandkilde and colleagues recently provided radiocarbon dates for the
helmets, and their findings ______ scholars’ skepticism: the helmets date to the Nordic Bronze Age, centuries before the
Vikings existed.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~anticipate#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because “anticipate” means expect or come before, neither of which would make sense in context. The
text indicates that scholars have long been skeptical of the idea that the helmets belonged to Vikings. Because the
skepticism has existed for a long time, Vandkilde and colleagues’ research couldn’t be said to anticipate it. Instead, the
radiocarbon dating results justify or confirm the scholar’s skepticism.~inspect#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because “inspect” means
examine or review, which wouldn’t make sense in this context. Research findings are inanimate and therefore unable to
inspect scholars’ skepticism. The text focuses on the origin of two helmets, which some people believe belonged to Vikings.
Vandkilde and colleagues found that the helmets are from the Nordic Bronze Age and therefore much older than the Vikings.
This context suggests that the researchers’ findings justify, not inspect, the scholars’ skepticism.~reveal#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect
because “reveal” means uncover or report, which wouldn’t make sense in context. The text focuses on the origin of two
helmets, which some people believe belonged to Vikings. Vandkilde and colleagues tested the helmets and found that they
date to the Nordic Bronze Age and therefore are much older than the Vikings. This context suggests that the researchers’
findings confirm or justify the scholars’ skepticism, which was already known so didn’t need to be revealed.~=justify#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the helmets found in Denmark. In
this context, “justify” means confirm or give reasons for. The text indicates that scholars have long been skeptical about the
supposed Viking origin of two helmets found in Denmark. The radiocarbon dating of the helmets conducted by Vandkilde
and colleagues demonstrates that the helmets date from the Nordic Bronze Age, making the helmets too old to have
belonged to Vikings. This context supports the idea that the scholars’ skepticism is justified.}

Question 48 - c2c26e20

The following text is adapted from Sadakichi Hartmann’s 1894 short story “Magnolia Blossoms.” The narrator is standing on
the deck of a boat.
What a night it was! My soul had left its body to lose itself in the wild unrestrained beauty around me—from where it
came—and only left a trembling suggestion of its existence within me. The other passengers moved around me like
shadows, and again and again my eyes drank in all the glory and wealth of that night.
As used in the text, what does the word “suggestion” most nearly mean?

{1:MCV:~=Trace#Correct. Choice A is the best answer because as used in the text, “suggestion” most nearly means trace. The text portrays the
narrator standing on the deck of a boat, admiring the view of nature afforded by this position: “My soul had left its body to
lose itself in the wild unrestrained beauty around me,” says the narrator, “and only left a trembling suggestion of its existence
within me.” This intense response to beauty is such that the narrator’s soul seems to disengage from its body, leaving behind
only a barely detectible indication of its presence there. In other words, the narrator senses only a trace of soul left in the
body.~Opinion#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect. Although in some contexts “suggestion” can refer to an implied or indirectly expressed opinion, the text
doesn’t portray the narrator expressing an opinion; instead, the narrator is explaining an experience of intense emotion.~Dispute#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect. While “suggestion” might be used in some contexts to refer to the tactful expression of a differing
viewpoint, it doesn’t refer to the dispute or difference of opinion itself. Moreover, the text doesn’t portray a dispute between
characters with differing viewpoints.~Command#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect. Although in some contexts, “suggestion” might be used to refer to
a politely worded command, the text doesn’t portray a scenario in which someone receives such a command.}

Question 49 - f773a56b

As Mexico’s first president from an Indigenous community, Benito Juarez became one of the most ______ figures in his
country’s history: among the many significant accomplishments of his long tenure in office (1858–1872), Juarez
consolidated the authority of the national government and advanced the rights of Indigenous peoples.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~unpredictable#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because the text focuses on Juarez’s role as the first president of Mexico from an Indigenous
community and on his many major accomplishments during his lengthy time in office; nothing in the text suggests that
Juarez was “unpredictable,” or tended to behave in ways that couldn’t be predicted.~=important#Correct. Choice B is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of Juarez. In this context, “important”
means marked by significant work or consequence. The text indicates that Juarez, who was the first president of Mexico
from an Indigenous community, became a certain kind of figure in Mexico’s history. It then supports that claim by describing
some of the “many significant accomplishments” from Juarez’s long tenure in office. This context conveys that Juarez is a
significant and consequential figure in Mexico’s history.~secretive#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because nothing in
the text suggests that Juarez was a particularly “secretive” figure, or that he tended to keep things private or hidden from
others. Instead, the text focuses on things that are known about Juarez: that he was the first president of Mexico from an
Indigenous community, that he had a lengthy tenure, and that his many major accomplishments included consolidating the
national government’s authority and advancing Indigenous rights.~ordinary#Incorrect. Choice D is incorrect because the text focuses on the idea
that Juarez, who was the first president of Mexico from an Indigenous community, had many major accomplishments during
his lengthy time in office. Rather than suggesting that Juarez was an “ordinary,” or common and typical, figure in Mexico’s
history, this context conveys that Juarez was instead a notable figure.}

Question 50 - 3118ca93

The fashion resale market, in which consumers purchase secondhand clothing from stores and online sellers, generated
nearly $30 billion globally in 2019. Expecting to see continued growth, some analysts ______ that revenues will more than
double by 2028.
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

{1:MCV:~produced#Incorrect. Choice A is incorrect because it wouldn’t make sense in context to say that some analysts “produced,” or manufactured or
brought about, the increase in future revenues of the fashion resale market. The analysts themselves couldn’t have brought
about the future revenue growth, since, as the text suggests, they were merely in the position of drawing conclusions about
future fashion resale market revenue based on 2019 revenue.~denied#Incorrect. Choice B is incorrect because the text indicates that some
analysts expected the fashion resale market to continue to grow in the future, not that they “denied,” or rejected, this notion.
Nothing in the text supports the idea that these analysts thought the revenues wouldn’t grow.~worried#Incorrect. Choice C is incorrect because
the text indicates that some analysts expected the fashion resale market to continue to grow in the future, not that they
“worried,” or felt concerned, that revenue would significantly increase by 2028. Nothing in the text suggests that the analysts
felt concerned about the increase; rather, the text suggests that the increase would represent a favorable outcome, since it
would mean that the fashion resale market grew to generate even more revenue.~=predicted#Correct. Choice D is the best answer because it most logically completes the text’s discussion of the fashion resale market’s
continued growth. As used in this context, “predicted” means forecast, or indicated that something would happen in the
future. The text indicates that the fashion resale market made a lot of money in 2019 and that some analysts expected the
market to continue to grow. This context suggests that the analysts believed that the fashion resale market was going to
make more money than it had already made, with the analysts indicating that revenues would more than double by 2028.}


==================================================
Copy the text above and paste it into your Moodle quiz
